You're here for tips on leveling up your career, but here's a bonus tip on leveling up your investments.
Check out Public.
Public is an investing platform where you can invest in stocks, options, bonds, ETFs, and crypto all in one place.
Public is a modern brokerage and has brought innovation to aspects of investing that were dinosaur-y.
I'll give you an example.
Public is one of the only brokerages to offer self-directed investing in bonds, even treasuries, which have historically been sold primarily through a government website.
But with Public, you can invest in treasuries with just a few clicks right from your phone.
And public allows you to make fractional investments in bonds.
So before fractional bonds on public, you had to buy government bonds starting with a $1,000 investment at a minimum.
And if you wanted to invest in any more than that, you could only invest in $100 increments.
Now you can buy bonds for as little as $100 and for any dollar amount on public.
That's just one example of how public is making it easier to invest, but there are a ton more and you can explore them for yourself at public.com slash help wanted.
To get started with your portfolio today, go to public.com slash help wanted.
This is a paid endorsement for public investing.
Full disclosure and conditions can be found in the podcast description.
Doesn't it feel like every time you step out the door, you have to pay a fee?
I mean, it is nuts.
I've been traveling a lot for the holidays and the amount of fees I pay just to get from point A to point B, it is mind boggling.
And it makes it really hard to stick with my spending plan.
When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps back.
A chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee-free overdraft up to $200,
or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit.
Learn more at chime.com slash help wanted.
And once you go to chime.com slash help wanted, you'll learn more about the fee-free overdraft up to $200.
And let me tell you, that is such a game changer.
Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime.
Open your account in two minutes at chime.com slash helpwanted.
That's chime.com slash helpwanted.
Chime.
Feels like progress.
Banking services and debit card provided by the BankCorp Bank N.A.
or Stride Bank N.A.
Members FDIC.
SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply.
Boosts are available to eligible Chime members enrolled in SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits.
Timing depends on submission of payment file.
Fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.
This is Help Wanted, the show that makes your work work for you.
I'm Jason Pfeiffer, editor-in-chief of Entrepreneur Magazine.
And I'm money expert, Nicole Lappin.
On Tuesdays, Jason and I answer the helpline and help callers solve their work problems.
And on Thursdays, I give you one way to improve your work and build a career or company you love.
And it starts now.
Hey, Jen, do you remember a few weeks ago when our entire weekend was kind of ruined because you were obsessing over something?
You're blaming the entire weekend being ruined for my obsession, but yes.
I'm not blaming you ruining my weekend, but I think that you ruined your weekend because you were obsessing over something.
That is true.
There you go.
Can you remind me what that was?
Yeah, I was trying to make plans with this mom and her kid.
It was kind of going to be like a joint family get together.
Yeah.
And I could not pin the mom down.
Right.
Very frustrating.
Yeah.
Right.
Because she would give you a little bit of information.
She'd be like, yes, I am available on.
And then you'd say, great, how about 3 p.m.?
And then you just could not get her to the point of actual confirmation.
And so we had in some way kept a lot of our weekend open with the expectation that we would see this family.
And you just could not get her to the finish line.
And the reason that the weekend was ruined, so to speak, was because...
Well, I was convinced and perhaps remain convinced that she didn't actually want to get together with us.
She was just kind of stringing us along.
It's like men.
It's like the bad men that do that to you when you're dating them.
Right.
But not me, because I was always very responsive when we were dating.
OK, that is true.
Right.
So now let me let me say a few things here.
Number one.
And you are Jen, which is to say you are my wife, Jen Miller, not Nicole Lappin, my usual co-host on this show, because Nicole is on maternity leave.
So you are once again serving as my special co-host.
And then number two is we had this debate all that weekend about is this woman...
ignoring you is she avoiding you or is she just bad at making plans and eventually i said and you took the she is ignoring you side i took the she is just bad at making plans side i said the only way to settle this is to take to the internet and ask the internet so i went on instagram and i i basically just said hello followers
are you bad at making plans?
And if so, why?
And I got a flood of responses.
And the most exciting and interesting came from my friend, Katie Storino.
Katie Storino, body acceptance advocate, founder of Mega Babe, and may I just say mega influencer and mega cool person who admitted that she is not very good at making plans and was willing to come on a podcast and explain herself.
So I have brought Katie on to join us
Katie, welcome to Help Wanted.
Hello.
Hello.
And I'm so glad, Jen, that you're the special guest with this special topic today.
This is so up my alley and I have a fresh example to talk about.
A live unrolling, like it's happening right now.
Oh, amazing.
Yeah.
All right.
So Katie, let's just kind of set the stage here.
I think that Jen and you probably represent two very common types of people.
And I want you to explain yourself because we have heard from Jen.
But Jen is a very proactive plan maker, as am I. We're reaching out to people all the time to make plans.
Yeah.
And a lot of people are just really bad at getting back to us and we cannot figure out what's going on.
You have admitted to me that you are that person you're very hard to make plans with.
And I really wanted to bring these sides together to create some kind of understanding about what is happening.
So before we get into the specific situations that we have all lived, can you just tell us, Katie, why are you so bad at making plans?
It's a combination of things.
So we have a live example happening right now.
A friend who I see probably once a year, she just texted me.
She's in town.
She's going to be at this hotel from 4.30 to 5.30.
Could I stop by for a drink?
And I immediately was like, okay, let's talk about this in my head.
I want to see this person.
I like this person.
I respect this person.
I have a good time with this person.
Oh God, what if at 4.30, which is only in two hours from now, I don't want to do that.
Oh my God, this is that live.
Like we're recording at 2.30 right now.
And this is two hours from now.
That's what I was saying.
And she just texted me.
And I'm like, I like this person, but what if I go and I don't
I don't, I don't want to go.
Or like, what if I, what if I immediately, like, what if I'm just like, I want to leave.
So a lot, Jen, I think a big part of this for me is I've thought about this is that one, I have, I believe social anxiety where it's like a plan is made.
And then I think about it all day.
I'm like, Oh God, I wake up and I'm like, but I got that thing at four.
Hmm.
And it's just in my brain.
So I don't feel free the whole day because I got that thing at four.
And I think something that contributes to like the feeling of I've got that thing at four is hanging out with someone who's new and someone I'm not like totally like comfortable with yet.
So if it's like I had a plan with my best friend at four, I wouldn't think twice about it.
If my best friend was like,
Meet me at this hotel.
I'd be like, cool.
I'll meet you wherever.
But with someone new, I got to put new effort in.
I got to make conversation.
Do they like me?
Am I saying the wrong thing?
I'm running through so many scenarios in my own head that the whole thing becomes exhausting and I just shut down.
Wow.
That's a very interesting insight.
Because, Jen...
When I think about who it's really hard to make plans with, it often is kind of newer people.
Mm-hmm.
Jen, what do you think about what I said?
Yeah.
No, I'm thinking about it.
Well, so it's really interesting because I also have a lot of social anxiety.
Okay.
And my social anxiety manifests as people don't want to hang out with me.
Which, by the way, the whole fucked up thing about me too is I also feel that people don't want to hang out with me.
So I will also like reach out to someone and then they don't get back to me.
And I'm like, well, this is just –
Like, so I understand that also.
I mean, I feel like we're in like a chicken and egg situation here.
Yes.
Right?
Because Katie, what you represent is what is causing my anxiety, which is somehow causing you to not want to go out.
I don't know.
Because it's just the newness.
And you're being so brave with your social anxiety, which I understand, by asking someone for plans.
But we're both kind of in the same boat of like, we're both torturing ourselves and each other with this whole like plan making situation.
But I guess the question is, how common is it that people have that degree of social anxiety that it's going to really like interfere?
Because to me, in a way, essentially, doesn't it boil down to the same thing?
Like, I don't really want to hang out with this person.
Well, OK.
And I don't mean that as a criticism of you, Katie.
Just.
Yeah.
Because you just kind of widened the lens here, Jen.
You're like, what about other people?
Let me.
Yeah.
Let me read to both of you a couple other responses that I got on Instagram.
I got like a bunch of them.
So here were some interesting ones.
All right.
So Casey said, it's just the way my brain functions.
I can't make plans too far in advance.
Did not unpack that further.
I'm very curious as to why.
Ilar said, honestly, I would love to hang out with most of my friends who reach out, but given my work and lifestyle, sometimes I can't predict the level of my energy for a given day or night ahead of time.
Therefore, I refrain from committing 80% of the time unless I'm super comfortable yawning at dinner with that friend and not having to get changed, do makeup, et cetera, knowing they understand and won't be offended or upset, which Katie sort of reminds me of like the comfort that you would have getting together with your best friend.
Jumada says,
My response is usually life happens.
I wear multiple hats.
I'm a mother, own a few businesses.
I'm a consultant, et cetera, et cetera.
I take each day as it comes.
And if my response is delayed, it's not because I'm intentionally ignoring you.
I simply don't have the space or energy to respond to that moment.
When I find a call moment in a day or a week or two, I respond.
And if it's a true friend, then they understand.
And then this one was, I thought, especially interesting.
So Yvonne said this, "'It's not because I don't care about the person.
It's because I'm juggling my need for connection with my need to recharge.'"
When my social battery is low, I feel like I have nothing to give and it sucks because I know that might make someone feel like they aren't a priority to me.
What really stings, Yvonne continues, what really stings is that when I've canceled too many times or procrastinated replying, people often stop inviting me altogether.
That leaves me feeling left out, which creates this vicious cycle where I wish I'd done better at staying connected in the first place.
It feels like I can't win.
I either let people down or I potentially burn myself out of keeping up commitments that I don't have the energy for when the date comes around.
Okay, thoughts.
Well, yeah.
Okay.
I get that.
I know that I generally do not want to make plans on a weeknight to go do something that's in any way uncomfortable.
Because I know that like on a weeknight, I'm usually pretty tired, especially if it involves going outside.
In the summer, it's easier even, but like in the winter to have to go out after dark, get on the train.
I would rather just be at home in my sweatpants watching TV.
I understand the thing about the energy for sure, like needing the energy.
I just – I can't believe that that many people, Jason, in our lives –
this issue.
But it was shocking how many people on Instagram reached out and said, I am bad at making plans.
People self-identify, like Katie, as just being bad at this.
And Katie, you're very aware that you're bad at this.
This is a thing you...
You're not hiding it.
I feel awful about it.
And I also, I'm more confessionals.
I have a friend who I had dinner with on Wednesday night and she asked me if I want to go to the beach this weekend.
I still haven't replied because I can't predict if I really want to go to the beach or not.
I'm stuck.
Jen, I agree with you that this seems like a really strange affliction for so many people to have.
But clearly they have it, I guess.
I don't know.
Or is the truth that the people that you're close with and the people that you're comfortable with are your people and maybe you don't want to expand outside that circle because you don't have the bandwidth?
That makes me really sad.
Like part of this is driven by a desire that I have to create more community.
I mean, I love our friends.
And I've heard people talk about like, you know, they get to this point in their lives or in our mid 40s.
They don't want any more friends.
They don't need any more friends.
But first of all, that's not me and it's not Jason.
Yeah.
But I think what's particularly strange about this, and so Katie, actually, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this.
The people that I'm talking about, when you see them in the wild, they give every indication of actually really wanting to spend time with you and hang out with you.
So the reluctance when it actually comes to pulling the trigger, that's part of what makes it so odd.
Yeah, like we have, Katie, before you say, I just want to like color that in.
There's a couple.
We're just going to call them John and Jane.
Yeah.
And we had John and Jane over once like a year ago.
And it was great.
Like we just really connected.
We got personal really fast.
We loved them.
And then afterwards, lots of texts.
That was so great.
We got to do that again.
Jen and I have tried to get together with them so many times.
And each time they either...
don't respond for a long time.
Or occasionally we've actually gotten a date on the calendar and then they will back out of it.
And like, they will never reciprocate the effort.
Like we are always the ones that are starting the effort, but then we'll run into them on the street.
Cause you know, we all live in Brooklyn.
It's small enough.
And they're like, Oh my God, it's so great to see you.
We have to get together.
And it's like, what the hell is happening right now?
Yeah, I run into the dad like pretty often at school.
Yeah.
And the dad is always like, you know, my wife and I, we're always talking about how much fun we had at your house and how cool you guys are.
And we never meet people that get past the small talk.
And yeah, it's like we need to get together.
I'm looking up to see whether I have one of these text chains.
Yeah.
Well, because I'm curious, I'm curious as this is my nature.
So I'd like to see if I can read between the lines about whether or not they're just being nice or if they're like having a meltdown on their own end.
Because I will also admit that I have done that in person where I run into someone that I don't want to hang out with.
And I'm like dinner, get it on the calendar, book it, book it, book it, bye.
But then I know I'm never going to do it.
Okay, I found this particular text chain.
Stick around.
Help Wanted will be right back.
Welcome back to Help Wanted.
Let's get to it.
So basically, Jason started a text chain with the two couples.
Classic.
I do this, by the way.
I love starting a text chain.
Oh, yeah.
I love a good text chain.
Yep.
Okay.
So, well, the first thing was, so Jason like threw out a few things.
Okay.
So he says, ambitious idea, get sitters and do dinner out on Friday, or we could do a weeknight the next few weeks.
Pretty flexible.
That was on Sunday, September 8th.
OK, basically, then like at some point later that day, it was Jason.
Our day was a wash.
Our weekend consisted of house cleaning, wrangling very cranky girls.
We got nothing off the ground.
Daughter one had a friend's birthday thing in the park midday today.
And our Saturday walk to the farmer's market was not as magical as we were hoping for.
It felt like the stars were not aligned.
WTF.
But but we would love to make a plan and follow through.
Let's make it happen.
So we were like, oh, so that's too bad.
Let's follow up.
And you throw out a couple other dates.
I threw out specific dates.
Yeah.
They like kind of blow past a lot of that.
But then they come back and they do actually attempt to make plans.
And by the way, this is how much how much this is.
A couple of weeks have gone by.
Yeah.
A couple of weeks have gone by.
Is it still in September?
Yeah.
It's still in September.
I wrote them on the on the 9th.
It's now the 20th.
Okay.
Okay.
Right.
So Jane, Jane says, forgive us.
It took a long time to get back to you.
Are you still free on one of the dates?
We could have you over whatever you prefer.
And if that date doesn't work, no worries.
We will find alternative to exclamation marks.
We respond with like, let's do it.
Yeah.
And then a couple of days go by.
We don't hear from them.
Jen follows up a couple more days go by.
So now so they have been the ones to throw out the date.
Yeah.
And you replied to the dates.
You're like, yes, we can do.
We said we're free thinking kids are no kids.
We'd happily do no kids.
But no, it isn't always easy to get sitters.
That was on that.
OK.
And then four days later, we haven't heard from them.
They didn't respond to that.
Sorry.
Are your kids all the same age?
Ish.
Yeah.
Ish.
Okay.
So if you did like a with kids thing, your kids can like sit all in a room and like do something.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So then I was like, hey guys, following up, what do you think about kids?
No kids on Saturday.
That's Tuesday.
Thursday.
Oh, God.
Jen, Jason, I think we may need to beg off to another night.
We're just wiped out.
British.
Between last weekend's camping and then hitting the ground immediately without a break this week and work and the kids, I think we're pooped.
It's ironic.
I mean, this is a dissertation.
It's ironic because other friends just wrote us.
The same they begged off for tomorrow.
Then he's talking about a review he read of this dumpling place that he really wants to go to, that we could do that together.
And then then they're bringing in a third couple that the people who introduced us to them, who also we can't make plans.
You're also very bad at making plans.
I mean, the summary here, the summary here.
No, but I got to know.
So where does it, so where does it get?
Okay.
So then Jason's like, so then Jason's like, we are totally down for dumplings.
Yeah.
Okay.
So that was, I even included a dumpling emoji.
I mean, I'm really going for it here.
Okay.
So then, so that was Friday, September 27th.
Then Wednesday, November 6th.
That is the next text.
That afternoon, I have run into the dad at school.
And then that evening, the dad writes and says, so Jen and I actually got to talk at school today at pickup and it was fortuitous.
We said maybe the 16th.
And I said, we were free.
Well, I'm a dipshit.
There's a reason we're free.
Jane isn't here that weekend.
In fact, she's leaving blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Why is this so hard?
And then after that, we did not respond because –
I wouldn't respond to that.
But like, this is, this is like, I'm so pathetic.
I still really want to have them over for dinner.
That's okay.
But I, but just hearing that text chain, I also wouldn't have responded because I, they're flaking without, they're flaking and like teasing plans.
And I don't know.
I don't like it.
What's going on?
I wouldn't make, maybe they let's, maybe they don't want to hang out.
See,
If they didn't want to hang out, why offer that level of detail?
It's so much detail.
It's almost even more because you maybe you know how liars sometimes are like, oh, my God, like I had to go to the dentist.
I have this deep to like, you know, right, right, right.
Details.
Maybe that's maybe that's it.
Can I run a theory by you?
Yes.
My theory is that we need to acknowledge something I'm going to call the social competency index.
Social competency index, which I just made up, is that everybody falls on a scale from one to 10 on social competency.
And I'm just going to define social competency as the ability to clearly communicate about social plans and follow through on them.
And
I think that everybody naturally falls somewhere on this index, but there are probably two things happening.
Number one,
at certain times in your life, and I think that we are all in that time, like whatever your natural social competency index number is.
So let's say you are naturally a five.
So it's like, you know, sometimes you're pretty good.
Sometimes you're not.
Let's just say like at this time in our life, which I'm just going to define as this is a time in our life where we all just are like really busy because we're like creating something.
So maybe it's family, maybe it's work, but like whatever.
This is like the moment of just charging hard that
your social competency index score naturally drops by two to three points.
So if you were naturally a five, now you're like a two.
But you may not be aware of that.
And so that's the other thing.
So I think we are often interacting with people
who think that they're good at making plans and have some of the instincts from when they were better at making plans, when they were like maybe a six or a seven, and they just cannot recognize that at this time in their life, they're actually a four or a five.
I think they're just not into us.
That's more simple.
I want to tell you something.
I think you're onto something.
I don't think that this is where you want to go with your life or your career, but that's actually a really interesting thing because as per the reactions you got on social media and how common this is happening with you and how I'm over here having the same experience on both sides.
Yeah.
But I'm just telling you, like, fine, I'm going to read my live text, which is.
Oh, yeah.
Katie, I think I saw you're in Palm Beach.
We have an hour break between ceremony and wedding tonight at Everglades and grabbing a beverage with blank at the colony at 430 in case you're around for a quick hang hug.
Now it's two o'clock when I've received this information.
And like, this seems like a really easy social drop in.
But I said, cute.
I'll let you know if I'm going to be around.
Because, again, I couldn't commit.
I'm going to say, though, that this falls into a different category.
Which one?
You get a request to hang out in a very short period of time from when the request comes in.
To me, that's a different situation.
Yeah.
There, I totally feel you in terms of like, do I really want to do this?
Even if I, in theory, want to see this person, am I going to want to leave the house at the time to do it?
But it's in like an hour.
No, but that's what I'm saying.
For me personally, I distinguish between plans that are made in advance and plans that might come up last minute if it requires me going somewhere.
Yeah.
So like if it was a question of like having people over or going somewhere like really close by, I don't care how last minute the plans are.
But in the middle of the day when like I'm already doing X, Y, and Z thing and somebody appears from out of town and requires me to go downtown to a hotel.
Yeah.
To me, that's a different situation than trying to make plans for dinner weeks in advance because you have the ability to then prepare yourself for
to psychologically prepare yourself to have that social engagement.
This is how it is for me.
I think I'm the opposite, Jen.
I think I am probably more likely to say yes to this, and I will most likely go to this because it just popped up on my radar.
I don't have to think about it for the next three days.
I don't have to have that whole cycle.
I can just be like, okay, this is happening.
Right now it's over.
By 5 p.m., this plan will be over anyway.
Oh, interesting.
Yeah.
So I will probably say yes to this.
We got a lot of problems here in our brains.
Yeah.
Well, I just think it's really interesting like how we're both kind of navigating the social anxiety and we have like different needs for calibrating it, right?
I need to prepare myself.
So like I would prefer to have the time.
Yeah, but I don't want the time.
And you don't want the time.
But the other thing though is that I keep – I mean I was joking before about he's just not that into you, but –
I mean, you know, occasionally someone will ask me to do something and I won't want to do it.
And I'll feel bad and I'll, but like it almost never happens because I'm usually really excited when somebody wants to do something.
I know.
I feel the same way.
It like, it might not be a priority because if there's other things going on and if it was like someone like I really, really wanted to see, but making that time, I don't actually have a lot of time to make that time.
I would only give that time up for someone who's a major, major priority.
Yeah.
Whereas if I had more flexibility, I'd be more in for just a casual hang.
But the reason I'm inclined to think that all these people don't actually want to hang out with us is because when I don't want to hang out with somebody, I just...
Don't don't.
I don't know.
I don't agree with I don't agree that they don't want to hang out, especially because that dad's coming in with I don't know that dad, that dad throwing that date out and then pulling it back.
So so, Jason, do you remember the other consideration that I had about why these plans might be canceled?
I would love Katie's take on this.
Do you remember?
No, remind me.
So because when you're dealing with couples, you have to deal with each person's issue.
And perhaps one member of the duo is uncomfortable and or doesn't want to hang out with us.
And the other person does.
Yes, that's real.
That's real, too.
Right.
And that's a really hard thing to untangle because this, we have been on, I don't know if we've been on one end of it or not, but we've certainly been on the other, which is that you and I have...
I enjoyed getting together with one person from another couple, but then the other person's dragging it down.
And then I'll be like, oh, yeah, we should get together with those people again.
And he'll be like, I don't know.
And then I can't throw my wife under the bus and be like, well, we can't get together because my wife doesn't like your wife.
So instead, I just have to become noncommittal.
I have to cover for her in some way.
And then nobody ever understands.
Yeah.
You may be onto something there.
I don't know about you, Jen, but like I frequently, when I get put with a, this is so stereotypical, but like when I get put with a wife that I don't get along with, we have nothing to say to each other.
And I know I'm going to be there just pulling teeth.
I can't force myself to do it.
And as I've gotten older, I actually won't do it.
So I'm just like, you know what?
You can go on fucking vacation with this family.
I don't care.
I'm not coming.
That's okay.
Because I feel like you should be able to nurture the friendship with the husband.
And it shouldn't have to be couple dependent.
I feel passionate about that.
Yeah.
Well, the problem for us, and I have a real thing about this.
This is like another episode perhaps for Help Wanted, but it's the problem of two couples getting together and the inevitable situation of the wives having to talk and the husbands having to talk.
And I hate that so much.
I hate it.
I want everyone to be able to talk together.
But the fact that it often defaults, and it's not that sometimes the wife is more interesting than the husband, and then that's great.
But often one person, often, I don't know.
I don't know what it is.
There's a dud in the bunch.
Yeah.
Yeah, there's a dud in the bunch.
So we had an interesting experience, which I don't know how to replicate, but Jen and I have talked about
if it's possible to engineer this, which is, so our friends, and they listen to this show, so I'm gonna call them out by name because it's a positive thing, which is, so during COVID, we met this couple, Kelly and Peter.
Kelly and Peter have this nice, large backyard.
And we didn't know them before.
And we would go over and our parents would watch our kids.
And then we would sit 10 feet apart.
And then we would talk.
And because we were 10 feet apart, there was no way for the conversation to split up into the guys talking and the women talking.
So it had to be a group.
because we were too far away for it to split.
And as a result, we created a fantastic foursome dynamic where everyone was contributing equally.
We were like, I get along with Kelly and with Peter, and Jen gets along with Kelly and with Peter.
And that created a really wonderful friendship.
And
And now COVID's gone and you don't have to sit 10 feet apart, which means that it's pretty easy to sit at a table and then have the conversation just cleave.
And the question is, how do you avoid the cleaving of the conversation?
I openly am like, no, no, no side convo.
I do that all the time at Group Generous.
You just police it.
Yeah.
Because I mean, probably everyone hates me, but I don't want to be in this one-on-one when I hear other shit happening across the table.
That's really interesting.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wait, I want the game plan on that.
Are you literally just saying no side convo?
And who are you saying it to?
The whole group?
The whole group.
I'm like, no, no, no side convo.
Stop.
Because it happens so fast and then suddenly you're just there and 30 minutes later you look up and you're like, I don't know how we started talking about this and I don't even want to be.
So yes, no side convo is important.
All right, Jason, we're going to start implementing that.
No side combo.
We're going to put it on a t-shirt.
Yeah, no side combo.
That's really good.
It's like group chats only or like, I don't know.
I want a t-shirt that says no side combo.
I will make you a t-shirt that says no side combo.
Okay.
But wait, what if I, but then can I just say what is triggering to me about this whole thing?
Which is that I am then convinced that the reason that the couples don't want to come over is because of me.
Because of course they want to talk.
Yeah, of course they want to talk to Jason.
No, no, no.
No, I understand.
I understand that.
Listen, five girls came in town earlier this week and they all saw me.
They all know I'm here.
They were all like, come hang out tomorrow.
No one called me and I wasn't going to call them.
So I am ready for rejection at every...
At every point, Jen.
So I understand how you feel.
How could you possibly be?
The second you came on this podcast, I was like, well, Katie's fun.
I am so fun.
But there's so many other factors, unfortunately, than fun in the social world.
And I don't always like that game.
We live in New York.
I mean, I'm live from Palm Beach, Florida right now.
But usually.
Yeah.
But like and there's a lot of there's a lot of unfortunate like social things that happen.
It's what are the what are the couples do for work?
Like who who can gain from who?
Like there's lots of shitty parts of like socializing that shouldn't be factors.
But I fear are factors for many people.
Just to leave it on a downer.
Yeah, no, well, I was going to say, yeah, so I'm going to bring it back up to end this.
So in conclusion, Jen, after hearing Katie, do you feel at least marginally better that people are not just avoiding you, that sometimes they just are bad at making plans?
I don't know, that dumpling daddy has me in question.
Jen, I want an answer.
I mean, I suppose that having a window into the social anxiety stuff that's happening and knowing that I have my own social anxiety.
And so I really can be empathetic to what might... I mean, honestly, I feel like if I had been more popular in middle school, we wouldn't be having this conversation.
That is going to have to be for another podcast episode.
Yeah.
Katie, do you, have we resolved anything for you or are you just continuing to carry?
I think you've confirmed I'm like a social freak with like a, with like a two on that social scale.
Well, the thing is that it doesn't sound like you're a social freak.
It sounds like you, you are part of a very large tribe, which, you know, at the very least, now we all understand each other.
All right.
Final question, Katie.
Will you come over for dinner?
Do you want to hang out?
Yes.
Yes.
I was just thinking, I'm like, you know what?
John and I should hang out with you guys.
When we're back in the city, we would love to hang out.
Amazing.
All right.
We're going to make it happen.
And that is not bullshit.
We are going to make it happen.
Great.
Great.
And I feel good about that.
That feels easy for me.
FYI.
Oh, good.
Good.
That is a high compliment.
Okay.
I'm excited.
All right.
Well, we will continue the conversation then.
Katie Storino, thank you so much for joining us on Help Wanted.
Thank you guys.
Help Wanted is a production of Money News Network.
Help Wanted is hosted by me, Jason Pfeiffer.
And me, Nicole Lapin.
Our executive producer is Morgan Lavoie.
You want some help?
Email our helpline at helpwanted at moneynewsnetwork.com for the chance to have some of your questions answered on the show.
And follow us on Instagram at moneynews and TikTok at moneynewsnetwork for exclusive content and to see our beautiful faces.
Maybe a little dance?
Oh, I didn't sign up for that.
All right.
Well, talk to you soon.