About a year ago, I predicted the boat shoe trend. Yeah, I did. And can I be honest? Since then, I've been chasing that feeling. The feeling of predicting a trend and then seeing it in the real world, I imagine rivals the feeling of seeing your newborn baby for the first time. Like, I think I'll probably feel that excited again on the day that I give birth to my first child. That's the next time I'll feel that level of satisfaction, unless, I'm able to successfully predict another trend before that, which is what I'm going to try to do today.

Today, I am going to share with you my 2025 fashion trend predictions. If I can get even one of these right, I'll be able to match that feeling I got when I predicted the boat shoe coming back. But I'm being realistic here. I don't have a crystal ball. Some of these predictions are random gut feelings. are based on what I've studied sort of starting to become popular over the past few years, but haven't fully gone mainstream yet.

And I predict that this year they will go mainstream. So it's a combination of gut feelings and educated guesses. The educated guesses are less satisfying if they come true because it's like I saw it coming in the world, right? The gut feelings, those, if they come true, more rewarding.

So hopefully, well, whatever. I'll just be happy if I get anything right. So let's begin. 2025 fashion trend predictions. I briefly paused this episode of Anything Goes to let you know that this episode of Anything Goes is presented by Amazon. Getting sick is horrible enough. The getting better part shouldn't be horrible too. Waiting on hold for an appointment, sitting in crowded waiting rooms, That's almost as bad as the sickness itself.

Amazon One Medical and Amazon Pharmacy remove these painful parts of getting better with things like 24-7 virtual visits and prescriptions delivered to your door. Thanks to Amazon One Medical and Amazon Pharmacy for sponsoring today's episode. Now let's get back to the episode. We're starting out with the obvious. I've been talking about this for a while now, so this shouldn't be a shock to anyone. Minimalism. a lifestyle perspective.

I'm not talking about owning less clothes. I'm talking about minimalistic design, okay? Now, what is that, you may ask? Don't worry. I Googled it for you, and I have the definition right here. Minimalism is a style that prioritizes simplicity, clean lines, neutral colors, and timeless silhouettes, focusing on quality over quantity and emphasizing essential, versatile pieces rather than trendy, clothing.

Now, I've been talking about minimalism coming back for so long. I'm sick of talking about it, too. OK, so I won't overemphasize this point, but I think minimalism in one way or another is always in. I don't know. I even feel like the clean girl aesthetic of 2023, 2024 was kind of minimalist in a way because it was a sort of style that consisted of simplicity and clean and neutral colors and timeless silhouettes.

So, you know, when I say that minimalism is coming back, what comes to my mind is like 90s minimalism. Let's Google 90s minimalism. Okay, if you Google 90s minimalism, this is what comes up. I'm looking on British Vogue at an article called The Minimalist 90s Outfits Inspiring My Summer Wardrobe, just to give some examples of some minimalist outfits.

I see a plain white t-shirt with some simple pinstripe dress pants and a matching pinstripe dressy little vest. I see classic blue jeans. I see classic black boots. A lot of simple tank tops, t-shirts in neutral colors. Lots of black and white button down shirts. simple dress pants or capris, classic just suit jackets, blazers, simple dresses that aren't super tight in neutral colors, lots of black boots, lots of plain, simple, flat loafers, black, white, brown.

I mean, yeah, it's just, it's like, it's very, it's simple, but it does still have swag. And the swag element is what's really really hard to put a finger on.

Somehow 90s minimalism, when you Google it, it doesn't look boring. There's magic happening with it somehow. I don't know. I see 90s minimalism really being the main trend this year. And here's the thing. The truth of the matter is minimalism in clothing design is timeless. Like a white button down, a pair of blue jeans, a pair of black slacks, a pair of little simple black loafers, a black boot. a white t-shirt.

These things are never out. They are always in. So a lot of people I've seen online saying like, minimalism is just another trend. It's not preventing people from buying more stuff. People are going to buy minimalist design. And then when that's out, they're going to go and they're going to buy maximalist design again. Minimalist stuff is just as trendy as maximalist stuff. I actually disagree. There's kind of a debate happening on the internet around whether or not minimalist designs are timeless, whether or not they come in and out of style.

I definitely do think they have trendy moments, but I think unlike maximalist designs, they're always in and no one can change my mind. Okay. I think minimalist design is really going to be in, in 2025, but it's never going to be out because it's too simple to ever be in or out. You know what I'm saying? If you were doing sort of the clean girl aesthetic, 2024, 2023, 2024, which consisted of, you know, the slick back bun, the trench coats, the dress pants, the little loafers, the little button up shirts.

It's just very like chic and classy. Literally, just by styling that slightly different, maybe doing your hair a little bit different, maybe accessorizing a little bit differently, you now have 90s minimalism, right? And then in a few years when there's a new sort of minimalist style that's in, you can, reuse those pieces again.

I just, I really do think when it comes to trends, any sort of minimalist trend to me is the safest one to buy into because you actually can reuse those pieces in a million different ways. So I think investing in good minimalist pieces, I would be shocked if you regretted it, you know, unless you're just a maximalist at heart and you don't like clothes like that. Fair enough. buy, you know, good basics and stuff.

Like I think that's going to be really in and styling them in unique ways that have sort of magic. I think that's going to be in, but I don't think it's something we're ever going to look back at and cringe at, which is cool. It's cool when a trend also is timeless and it's rare. So I think this is one of the rare times when something timeless will be trendy. Moving on. Okay. So in 2024, the concept of Jane Birkening your bag.

Are we remembering this? This is the concept of taking your purse and attaching a bunch of personalized objects onto it, tying a bandana onto it, putting little charms on it, attaching jewelry to it, inspired by Jane Birken of the 60s, who carried around her iconic Birken bag that she attached a bunch of little accessories to that were personal to her. and then gets a bit warm and then ties it around her purse to give her neck some air.

That's the idea, right? Organically and authentically accessorizing her purse through necessity and convenience, weirdly enough, became a trend in 2024 where everybody was buying charms and finding bandanas and things in their drawers and then adding it to their bag to make it look authentic like Jane Birkin's bag. Fascinating trend. think it's ending in 2025.

I think it's going to expand in 2025. In 2024, it was all about the bag, right? Accessorizing the bag in that way. I think in 2025, it's about doing that with everything, okay? Your favorite hat, put a bunch of pins on it. Embroider a heart into it. Put a patch on it. On your jacket, there's a rip. You sew it with contrasting thread. Let's say it's a black jacket. You fix the the rip with white thick thread, you know, you put pins on it, you put patches on it, your favorite pair of jeans, you put little accessories on the belt loops.

You again, put patches, sew up the holes with bright thread, you know, paint your name onto the pocket, like accessorize, accessorize, accessorize with shoes, paint on your shoes. Like you get what I'm saying? Like making your pieces, really, really unique to you.

Because I think that what's going on right now is that a lot of people are craving a sense of personal style. And I've seen a lot of discourse around personal style and how personal style is sort of dead because of the internet. Whether or not that's true, that's a conversation for another day. But I think this idea of personalization is going to give people the feeling of personal style. Because you can have the same pair of jeans as somebody else.

In fact, you probably do. What sets you apart is how you personalize them. What sets them apart is that it's the pair that is your favorite that you wear three days a week. You know, this idea of really personalizing your items and having less items as well. Because I think prior to recently, it's been all about having a lot of stuff, having a lot of clothes, especially if you're into fashion, having as many options as possible so that you can constantly be wearing a new outfit.

That was sort of trendy, right? For many years to always be wearing a new outfit, to never wear the same outfit twice. I think that that's out. And I think having signature pieces that are super personalized that you wear over and over and over again and you style a multitude of ways, I think that's in. I even thought about it in terms of the Stanley Cup, which is not really a fashionable thing. That's more of like a pop culture obsession. a Stanley Cup.

I have a Stanley Cup. But I even thought about it like this. Like, this is almost a metaphor for what I mean for fashion in like clothing and stuff. It's the idea of like, instead of having every single color of Stanley Cup, instead of having the bright pink one and the blue one and the sparkly white one and the brown one and the orange one and the green one, you just have one that's your favorite color and you put stickers on it. You take your watch the middle of the day and you attach it to your Stanley cup and you, it's like truly a utilitarian, like fully functional item.

And it is your personal favorite item. It becomes a special thing to you. If you only have one and the one that you do have, you use every day or very consistently. And it looks like you, it becomes your iconic Stanley cup. That I think is going to be cool. That's going to be the way that we consume, I think, in 2025.

Instead of having nine pairs of jeans, you have two and they're both really special. And they're known as like, oh, those are Emma's jeans. Like if somebody were to see your signature pair of jeans on a mannequin in a store, they'd be like, wait, those are what? Those are Emma's jeans. You see what I'm saying here? re-wear over and over and over again.

I honestly love this idea and hope that it ends up happening because I think something that a lot of us are missing, especially those of us who love fashion and love to participate in fashion, is a sort of attachment to our belongings, our clothing, our accessories. Nowadays, it's about buying more by whatever means necessary, thrifting, buying online for really cheap, money, whatever.

And it's impossible to have any sort of attachment or appreciation for the pieces that you have when you have more than you could ever wear. Do you know what I'm saying? So I think we're going to swing in the opposite direction and it'll become cool to be seen in your iconic pair of jeans that everybody knows are your jeans. Does that make sense? Like it'll be cooler to repeat stuff. I don't know. We'll see. That might be a pipe dream.

Okay, next. Gaunt makeup. By gaunt makeup, I mean no blush, no highlighter, no faux freckles. I'm talking about sharp contour, otherwise sort of even complexion, right? Like you're not adding blush. You're not adding freckles. You're not adding all this stuff. Other than that, it's just like sort of flat, not dewy, but also not matte sort of face with contour.

Cool tones, neutral tones, but mainly cool tones. Kind of gaunt makeup. This to me is very like 90s minimalist as well. It kind of goes hand in hand with that vibe. But it also goes hand in hand with another one of my predictions. I feel like the makeup trend for the past few years has been really sweet, really warm, really youthful, really bright, happy.

And I think there's going to be a shift to more of a grungier sort of darker sort of look. And, you know, I'm actually not mad about this because I've been doing my makeup like this when I do my own makeup anyway for quite a while now, mainly because I think it emphasizes my personal features the best. Like, I don't think I look good when I have a lot of blush on or when I have, you know, like highlighter on my little nose and in the little corners of my eye, in the little inner corner of my eye.

Like, I just don't really look good like that. In my opinion, like I look better, in my opinion, with more like Tim Burton-y kind of makeup. I like that. I mean, I also like the Tim Burton movies and I grew up watching them and loving them. And it's more of like a sort of creepy sort of vibe. And I've always loved that. So, and I feel like, you know, I have the dark circles under my eyes and I have sort of big eyes. kind of maybe I wish like a Tim Burton character.

I can only dream that I look like a Tim Burton character, but it's like, so I like to make myself look even more like a Tim Burton character by like not covering my dark circles with concealer, by just doing like light face makeup that just exactly matches my skin tone and is like not even noticeable. It just makes it look like I just have more even complexion than I do. Contouring the face, cool toned neutrals on the eyes, mascara, and then like a deep pinky brown overlined lip.

And it makes my eyes look like big and scary and the dark circle looks dark. And I like it. I just, I like it. I don't know why, but I actually think it's going to be in. And I could be wrong. Cause I mean, I've been doing it for a few years now, maybe like two or three, perhaps. I don't remember. Maybe like two years now, but I think it's going to be in. And that actually leads us to indie sleaze, which is also already, in, but will be even more so in, in like a big way.

Indie sleaze really started to come back in 2024, but I think in 2025, it's going to reach its peak because it definitely hasn't reached its peak yet. It definitely hasn't. Let's Google what indie sleaze is so that we can all be up to date. Okay. Indie sleaze is a term that describes a style of music and fashion that was popular in the United States and UK from around 2006 to 2012.

The fashion was an affordable, messy, and lethargic take on vintage styles, especially from the 70s. Indy sleeves fashion is characterized by mismatched, out of proportion, and chaotic pieces. Some examples include metallic leggings, tunics, knit beanies, fedoras, and chunky costume pearls. Okay, let's fucking relax on that. I'm not... That is not what I see coming back, but I see a version of Indy sleeves coming back.

That means in a minute because I don't agree on all of this. The fedora is like the fedora is insane. Like that is not coming back. Knee high socks are also a key part of the indie sleaze look, whatever. A tongue in cheek style that was influenced by Brooklyn hipster fashion, 70s, 80s, electro rock music, pop art, super flat pop, whatever, blah, blah, blah. Who cares? The style grew in popularity on sites like Tumblr and MySpace and was often seen as a counterculture reaction to the economic climate of the recession. Yeah.

I do think that this is happening again. It's obviously not going to be exactly the same as it was in 2006 to 2012, but I think there's going to be a lot of similarities in 2025. That's my prediction. Okay. I just said the gaunt makeup, the gaunt sort of like party girl gaunt makeup, very indie sleaze to take it a step further in makeup, smudgy black eye makeup. I could see that coming, back, definitely black and white stripes.

To me, black and white stripes, so indie sleeves to me and I fucking love it. And to me, black and white stripes are timeless, but I think they're really going to come back and I can't wait. I'm wearing black and white stripes right now. So yeah, ripped tights, DIY cut up shirts. Like that was very indie sleeves, like cutting the sleeves off and the neck off of your own shirt and it being all like saggy and like lopsided and weird looking. The Union Jack, which is the United Kingdom's flag, you know, the red, white and blue sort of star looking Union Jack.

That was super indie sleaze. I think that's going to come back. I do think certain more extreme indie sleaze details will come back, potentially like a metallic legging like Google provided for me. And last but not least, I do think skinny jeans are coming back. There's been so much discourse. I can't even stay away from the discourse around skinny jeans.

Everybody's debating, are the skinny jeans coming back this year? Are they not? To be honest, I haven't seen anyone really wearing skinny jeans, at least in my world or in my algorithm. Like the algorithm is not feeding me videos of people wearing skinny jeans. So I haven't seen it in action yet, but I do think this year skinny jeans are back as a part of Indie Sleaze vibes. But I don't think it's what we're all afraid of. I think we're all afraid of jeggings. That's what we're all really afraid of.

Skinny jeans themselves, yeah, they're not great. But I think what we're really all traumatized by is like low-waisted jeggings. That was skinny jeans at their worst form in, you know, the 2010s. That's not coming back, okay? So don't worry. We're not going to be spending 10 minutes getting our super skinny, low-waisted jeggings up our legs before work or school. Like that's never happening again, right? but I do think skinny jeans are going to come back.

But I think that they're actually going to be less hideous than we imagine. In fact, when I think about styling skinny jeans, I'm not repulsed, which is really frightening. Because a few years ago, if you would have asked me if skinny jeans would ever come back, I would have said maybe, but like, I will never, like, I can't even imagine it. Like, it's going to be hideous. I could see it being cool. I could see it being cool. I'm definitely thinking outside the box, when I'm thinking of skinny jeans looking cool, but it's not impossible.

It's not impossible. And I think it will be done this year. Am I going to participate? Probably not. Although never say never, because I might get inspired and really want to do it. And I might pick up a pair, but I doubt it. And I'm going to wait as long as possible until I'm exploding and bursting at the seams and need to wear skinny jeans, which I don't think will happen. But again, never say never. I think a very specific type of skinny jean is going to come back. Real denim, like stiff, real denim that's not so skin tight to the leg that it like takes two hours to get up like reasonably tight but not like impossibly tight like what was popular in the 2010s I think timeless washes right like classic denim washes nothing that's like acid wash super ripped and distressed none of that black denim I think will be fine but like No extreme denim washes.

And I think it might, I think it might work. I think it might work. The only thing I'm struggling with is like what shoe perhaps tucked into a boot. Oh my God. Like a skinny jean tucked into like a moto boot. Oh my God. I'm scared. Is that going to happen? Or like a skinny jean with like a little ballet flat or like a little flat shoe of some sort. Ooh, it might happen. I don't know. I could see people talking little skinny jeans into boots. I could definitely see that.

I don't know. We'll have to see. It might not happen, but I definitely could see the skinny jean coming back. Anyway, Indie Sleaze, I think it's back this year. It already started in 2024, so I'm not some sort of genius for predicting that, but I think it's going to hit its peak this year. Okay, next. Micro glitter matte lipstick. Okay, close your eyes and think about the early 2000s and think about the makeup trends and think about the lipstick that the beloved women in your life were wearing. shimmery.

It was light pink. It was micro glitters. It was like almost holographic. I think that that's coming back. You know, I was thinking about the makeup that my mom wore when I was a kid randomly the other day, like completely randomly, like I was daydreaming and that just popped into my head. And I was like, that lipstick is definitely going to come back. I just had this gut feeling. And then like a week or two later, I was watching the first episode of Sex and the City for the first time, actually, because I've never watched that show.

My friends were watching the first episode of Sex and the City, and I noticed that the main character was wearing that type of lipstick. And I was like, whoa, there it is again. I totally see it. Micro glitter, shimmer, matte lipstick, early 2000s lipstick vibe. Just, I don't know. I see it coming back. I see it coming back. Okay, next. random.

This is literally so random. Polka dots. Yeah. Polka dots. Listen, you'll notice that I'm saying a lot of timeless, classic, obvious patterns. Stripes I mentioned earlier. Polka dots I'm mentioning now. I'm going to mention stripes probably one or two more times because I think stripes are really going to be in this year. I know what you're thinking. Emma, these are the most obvious, timeless patterns. I know. But I think that that's why they're going to be in this year.

I think we all have such trend fatigue from keeping up with trends for the past few years. We're so exhausted with the speed of trend cycles. I think a lot of people are going to be making timeless choices this year, almost out of necessity. Like, oh my God, what can I buy that I can wear for more than six months without getting bored of it? You know? And so I think classic patterns like stripes and polka dots are going to be in. But specifically, we're talking about polka dots right now.

I actually, I usually get red nails when I go to the nail salon. I just always get red nails. But the last time I was there, I got little polka dots because I really do believe that polka dots are going to be stylish again. I think that they're always stylish, but I think it's going to be one of those patterns that we're not going to be able to get away from. Luckily, I think if you buy something polka dot now, you'll be able to wear it forever.

Because I do think that polka dots are very timeless. But I do think we might get a little bit bored of polka dots by the end of this year. I could see that happening. If they do fully come back to the extent that I think that they will. But I personally love polka dots. Like I'm actually really excited. And I don't know. I think like polka dot tights, polka dot, like a black and white polka dot jacket, like trench coat, little pops of polka dots here and there.

I think is going to be in. We'll see. Next, asymmetrical stuff. This is something I'm predicting because I've been seeing it pop up more and more on Pinterest. And I actually have a few asymmetrical pieces in my closet that I've collected over the years. So it definitely has been in already for the last few years, but I think it's going to be mainstream this year. I think it's going to be huge. Like everything's going to be asymmetrical. And by asymmetrical, I mean, like, let's say you have a little sweater.

Instead of the buttons going down the middle, the buttons are going down the left side of the sweater. Or even weird shit, like a shirt where one sleeve is long and one sleeve is short. Or a skirt where, like, the left side of the skirt is long and the right side of the skirt is, like, a foot shorter. Or a seam that goes down a weird part of the shirt. Or, like, do you see what I'm saying? Asymmetrical stuff. asymmetry is going to be in.

I think to take it a step further, minimalist design that is asymmetrical. So like a classic white button down, but the buttons are like on the left side. Do you see what I'm saying? That is going to be so in. Taking like minimalist design and then really just making it asymmetrical. Oh man, people are going to love that. Okay, next. Buttons are the new bows. Yeah, I think that. And I'm frightened.

I'm frightened because I love buttons. To me, buttons are timeless, but I think that they're going to be used as a textural element instead of as a functional element, right? Like buttons are technically used on a garment as sort of a closure mechanism, right? Buttons are used to close the garment, right? I think buttons are going to become trendy to the point where there's buttons everywhere on shit. Buttons don't even need to be there. a purpose where they are.

And can I be honest? I love this. And I think it's timeless. And I think it might become trendy, but I don't even care because I'm going to love that for the rest of my life. I hope it becomes trendy because then I'm going to buy up all the cool stuff. No, I'm not. I'm trying to not have a shopping addiction this year or ever again for the rest of my life. So I will not buy it up. Maybe I'll buy one special button item. But I am a button tattooed on my arm.

So I'm worried that it's going to become trendy to put buttons on everything and then everyone's going to start to hate buttons. And then my tattoo of a button is going to look cringe and basic. Not that there's anything wrong with being basic, but I have a button tattoo on my arm because my favorite movie is Coraline and the button is one of the main symbols of the movie. And so that's why I have a button on my arm.

And that's why I love buttons so much. Also, just because they're freaking cute. They're so cute. Anyway, the reason why I think buttons are the new bows, though, is because similar to a bow, like bows are absolutely timeless. A bow is a bow. It's too crucial of a design element to not be timeless. Like bows will always exist. Bows will always be in. You know what I mean? will be.

But I think the same thing that happened with bows will happen with buttons where we put bows on everything, right? Everybody was tying ribbon around everything. Everybody was, you know, attaching little bows to everything. Brands were coming out with stuff that just had bows all over it. There's just so many bows. It was like, oh my God, we need to stop with the bows. They're not serving a purpose. They're just here and it's stale. It became stale very quickly. same thing will happen with buttons where it's like, you know, a button doing its normal button function, closing a garment will always be cool.

That's timeless. But buttons being in a place just for the sake of buttons, I think might not be as timeless for majority of people. And I think majority of people will get sick of buttons in that way. Except for me, because I love buttons so much and have such a personal connection to buttons.

And it will never be wrong. To me, a button is never wrong. Next. So this is not necessarily like a fashion trend in the sense of like clothing or makeup or whatever. This is more of like a physical human body trend, which listen, I'm not saying that we should have body related trends. Okay. I don't think, I don't think that that's great. Right.

However it's the case. For the last few years, the trend has been sort of Barbie doll aesthetic. You know what I mean? Looking like a Barbie doll. Being perfectly symmetrical, having plump lips, having plump cheekbones, having the perfect little nose. Like people, you know, many, many, many, many, many, many, many people were going and, you know, getting cosmetic procedures done to accomplish this look. a trend to get certain procedures done.

Right. Well, I actually think that that's over. I think everyone looking the same like a little Barbie doll. I think that that's out. And listen, I'm not trying to shit on anyone who looks that way or who has, you know, chosen to go get those procedures or do whatever. Like, I get it. OK, I get it. If that's what you like or that's what you liked in the past, it's none of my business. It's up to you what you do with your face or body. or whatever.

I don't care. But I think it's gotten to the point now where everybody's sort of getting the same procedures done, right? Everybody's getting their lips done. A lot of people are getting rhinoplasty, he's getting their nose done. A lot of people are getting filler and Botox in the same areas, right? There's sort of become a trend of getting these certain procedures done. And what's ended up happening is a lot of people look the same. Oh my God, veneers, like getting veneers, super trendy, fake teeth that are super perfect, this has become a trend, perfection, right?

And now we have a lot of people who have a very similar nose and have very similar teeth and have a very similar jawline and have a very similar, you know, whatever. Listen, we're all different, but like there's definitely a lot of similarities. And so I think as a response to that, it's going to become trendy to have aesthetic quirks about your look. Now, listen, In an ideal world, it would be a trend to have your own unique quirks, whatever those may be, right?

So like everybody's different, meaning everybody has their own unique quirks and those are all inherently trendy. Unfortunately, that's not how our society works. I see it being like cherry picked sorts of quirks. You know what I'm saying? Like having a gap in your teeth, trendy. I could see that being trendy. I could even see people going in, they don't have any quirks, going and getting quirks manufactured, going and getting a gap in your in your teeth, like going to get it grinded.

Can you even do that? I don't know. Get the gap grinded down so that you have a gap in your teeth or like, you know, getting an ear implant so that your ears look unique or like getting freckles tattooed or shaving off your eyebrows. I can't explain this, but I just see a trend happening where looking or quirky becomes a trend.

Because the last few years, it's been trendy to all get the same procedures that make you look like a perfect Barbie doll. And I think the opposite is going to become trendy. So people who already have a gap in their teeth or already have a bunch of freckles or already have a mole on their lip or have a birthmark on their face, like these things are going to be really celebrated. And at times, perhaps even manufactured.

I think there's a chance that it'll become like a cosmetic procedure trend to like add quirks to your appearance. I don't know. I don't know if it's even possible. Like, could you go to a dentist and say like, I want to get a gap in my teeth like Madonna? Does she have a gap in her teeth? I think she does. Yeah. Like I want a Madonna gap in my teeth. Would the dentist do it? Probably. Um, I don't know. that might be far-fetched, but I could kind of see it.

Okay. Next 60s mod it's in. There's a lot of different little elements of the 1960s mod aesthetic that I think are going to come back. Some of them are going to be isolated. Like, okay. How do I explain this? Like, I don't think people are going to be like dressing up like a 1960s mod Halloween costume. Okay.

But I think a lot of elements of the 1960s mod aesthetic are going to come back on their own, if that makes sense. So I'm not saying this whole aesthetic is going to come back into style altogether all at once. I just think a lot of these things are going to be trendy and it's not going to be in like a in like a Halloween costume sort of way. Does that make sense? Because if you were to Google 1960s mod, you'd see a very specific sort of aesthetic, right? style top in skirt, lots of color blocking, lots of classic patterns, dramatic big collars and buttons, very kitschy, very of the 1960s, right?

It looks very 1960s. I don't think it's going to be that on the nose. And I don't think that like the 1960s mod aesthetic is going to come back all at once, all at the same time. Does that make sense? But there are many key elements from that era that I think are going to come back. for one, the pixie haircut.

The pixie haircut on women was very popular in the 60s. I think it's coming back. Now, listen, I know a lot of you are thinking, Emma, you just cut all your hair off. You got a pixie. So that's why you're saying that you think the pixie's back. But meanwhile, Emma, you look like Ellen DeGeneres. Yeah, I know. Okay. Everyone's saying I look like fucking Ellen DeGeneres since I got my little blonde pixie. All good. I still think the is coming back.

And I don't think I believe that just because I have a pixie and because I plan on having a pixie for the next indefinitely. Like I have no plans to grow my hair back out. I love having short hair. I think it's coming back, number one, because it's really chic, honestly. When done right, it is really chic, number one. Number two, low maintenance and easy. It is so freeing. And I think a lot of women are going to be, I don't know, like if they see other women doing it, they'll feel invited to do it themselves too.

Because it's really scary to go and get a pixie haircut when it's not trending. I'll tell you, it's really scary because it's a risky haircut. But if other people start doing it, I think it's going to become, I don't know, it's like a domino effect. The more people that have a pixie haircut, the more people that will feel empowered to do it themselves. And it's so cool to me and it's so comfortable and fun to style.

I don't know. I just think the pixie's great and I think it's going to come back. Another 1960s mod vibe, color blocking. A technique that involves wearing multiple solid colored clothing items in an outfit, often in complimentary colors. This sort of goes hand in hand with the idea of minimalist design, sort of white t-shirt, black pant, black sweater with the white, you know what I mean? Like very simple color blocking, easy on the eyes. Those two things go hand in hand in my mind.

I think this sort of simplicity is going to be really appealing this year, especially because I think the concept of having a lot of simple pieces and building more intricate outfits using a bunch of simple pieces is going to be really in this year because it's a more sustainable way to play with fashion, whereas constantly shopping and buying new unique pieces and making outfits with them once or twice and then donating them. Like, I just think people are going to get sick of that. cadence of buying and donating and buying and donating and dealing with clutter and stuff like that.

So I think the concept of color blocking is going to work really well. You know, you can wear a green t-shirt with a pair of blue pants, and then you can wear the green t-shirt with a pair of brown pants, and then you can wear the green t-shirt with a pair of orange pants. And you know what I mean? And it's, it's always, it's going to bring a different feeling every single time because it's a different combination of clothes, but that was all just with one shirt.

You put a little vest over that shirt. Now it feels different. It's like, I think layering and color blocking is going to be in, which is definitely very 1960s mod. Also classic patterns, stripes, polka dots, plaids, like simple timeless patterns that are always in. Very 60s mod. I think that'll be in. Simple minimalist designs are very 1960s mod. just classic silhouettes that we all know and love, especially with like little skirts and dresses, timeless.

And you can't go wrong. I started seeing 60s mod silhouettes on the runway like last year. And I was like, oh man, that's really going to come back in a big way. And it hasn't fully come back yet, but I think this is the year that it will. And last but not least, more modest silhouettes. I feel like the 1960s, 2020's aesthetic was very classy, very modest.

And I could see that coming back, weirdly enough. Like a longer skirt, a boxier fit, not skin tight. I think that's going to be in. Yeah. Okay, moving on from 1960s mod, the digital watch. The digital watch. analog clock.

Everyone under the age of 40 prefers a digital watch, prefers a digital clock in general. None of us know how to read a clock under the age of 40. None of us. And if we do, it takes us at least five minutes to read the fucking clock. 5, 10, 15, 20. Oh, wait, what's the longhand do? It's not good. Digital watches are fucking back. You know, it was all about having like a chic wrist stack, with like a beautiful Cartier watch or like a beautiful Rolex or whatever, or like a beautiful metal watch.

You know, that was very trendy for a while there. Don't get me wrong. I actually do think that a lot of times those pieces of jewelry are timeless, but I think it's going to become cool to wear like a plastic Casio digital watch. In fact, I've been wearing one for the past few months, inspired by someone in my life who does wear a digital watch. Okay. story, actually.

This came from somebody in my life who wears a digital watch. They're the only person I know who wears a digital watch. And I remember the first day I met this person, I saw them and they were wearing a digital watch. And I remember looking at it and thinking to myself, what the fuck is going on? They're wearing a big plastic digital watch. And I was like, I have not seen somebody wear a digital watch like this who's under the age of 60. Like in, Maybe ever.

Like, I'm shocked by this. And as I got to know this person, I was like, hold on a minute. They're a fucking genius, to be honest. The digital watch is weatherproof. I mean, you can wear the digital, like, plasticky sort of watch anywhere. In the shower, to your workout. And a lot of times they're cheaper than the metal watches, so you're not worried about them. But more importantly, it's actually a readable watch. the digital, like I just look at my wrist now that I've been wearing this rubber digital watch for the last like six months.

I just look at my wrist and I know exactly what time it is. And there's no, there's no stress. And I actually think it looks cool. I did not think it looked cool at first when I saw this person wearing their digital watch the first time I met them. I, to be honest, I was like, I don't like it. I don't like that watch. What is that watch? Take that thing off. And then it grew on me and I was like, no, I actually think it's really, it's really genius. myself I could see the digital watch coming back in which takes me to my next trend prediction nerd vibes remember in the 2010s when like it was all about nerds like everybody wanted to wear like suspenders and like glasses that had the white tape around the center like nerdcore I could see that coming back in in 2025 and I think the digital watch is like a great example example of what that looks like.

But I could see a trend of people tying tape around their glasses, like around their reading glasses. I don't think suspenders are going to come back in. I could see, I can see this now when I close my eyes. Like imagine this outfit. This is to me is like a stereotypical sort of nerd outfit. Now, by the way, the word nerd, I don't know, like stereotyping people as nerds. listen, I don't know if it's politically correct, but like everyone's a nerd in a little, in a sort of way.

And by nerdy, I mean like dorky, which I think is charming. Like it's not, I'm not using the word nerd in any sort of derogatory way, but there is sort of like a stereotypical sort of nerd aesthetic, right? When I close my eyes and think about what version of nerd is going to come back in 2025, I think of the glasses with the tape wrapped around the center, you know, nose bridge, right?

Very stereotypical nerd. I think of a sweatshirt, maybe like just like a basic sweatshirt or a funny t-shirt that's like, maybe it doesn't fit particularly well. I think of maybe like a utilitarian pant of sorts, like a cargo pant, perhaps a cargo short, you know, things that are considered not necessarily fashionable or not necessarily chic, right?

Perhaps like a sort of narrow fitting shoe, like a small narrow fitting shoe, like a little sneaker that's sort of a bit nerdy, like almost like a little Merrill or like a little Keen or like a little like Adidas that's sort of narrow, like, I don't know, like a narrow, small sneaker. That's the kind of nerd that I'm imagining. And I think that that's going to be really in this year.

Almost like how everybody became obsessed with, like, Adam Sandler's street style. Because he would just wear, like, a dumpy pair of, like, basketball shorts and, like, an oversized T-shirt and, like, sneakers. And he just looked kind of like a mess. But everybody loved it. And I think that that's going to be back. Where it's, like, nerdy, like, computer lover vibes. Like, early 2000s nerd vibes. I see that coming back. Okay, next. Okay, hear me out. Clogs.

Clogs are so bad. I keep seeing people wearing clogs. Like I'm starting to see it happen. And I think 2025 is the year of the clog, which leads me to a broader prediction I have, which is sort of like gardening chef core. Okay. Now I'm not talking about cutesy little gardening, cutesy little chef. Like I actually weirdly imagine people taking inspiration from what chefs actually, wear or like what you really wear gardening.

You know what I'm saying? Like the utilitarian gardening gloves. OK, a utilitarian chef's waist apron. I could see these things becoming fashionable. And I think it's going to go hand in hand with, you know, gardening and cooking becoming trendy as an activity this year. But I really could see like I'm looking up gardening outfit on Google gardening outfit.

Let's see what comes up. Okay. Yeah. Like apron. I could weirdly see aprons like, okay, obviously not like a literal kitchen apron or a literal gardening apron, but like little waist aprons, honestly kind of useful too. Like I would wear that if, if I saw like in a thrift store or something, like a cute little waist belt apron, I would totally buy that and wear that like over jeans, honestly cute. I'm seeing some overalls.

I don't know. I don't know the overalls are going to be in perhaps. I mean, it's part of the gardening aesthetic. Let me look up chef outfit. Yeah. Like I'm looking at chef outfits. It's very often the, the double button sort of jacket, right. Or shirt that could come in. Like, I don't know. I feel like gardening in chef aesthetic is going to be in. I mean, listen, do I think people are going to be wearing like a large white chef's hat?

No, but I don't know. Listen, this is how I feel and it could be totally off base, but I just, I don't know. That's what my gut is telling me. Clogs, aprons, utilitarian gardener, utilitarian chef, you know? Ah, fuck. I don't know. We'll see. Okay. Last but not least, nautical vibes. Okay. The ocean, the sea, fishermen, the whole thing. And this, This has been rumbling under the surface for a while now.

In fact, this honestly goes hand in hand with my boat shoe prediction, right? But I think it's going to expand. It's going to expand in 2025 and more nautical fishermen elements are going to become trendy. One very specific example, yellow raincoat and yellow rain boots. Mark my words. very nautical fishermen outdoorsy, okay?

This is something that I want. Honestly, if this becomes trendy and brands start making yellow raincoats and yellow rain boots, I will be buying a pair of each because I'm really into this trend. I think, again, like a lot of the things that I've mentioned today are super classic and timeless. Stripes, minimalist design, boots.

Like those are classic pieces, right? But I think that all of these classic pieces are going to come back because of trend fatigue, right? This isn't a coincidence that a lot of these things are really classic. A yellow raincoat and yellow rain boot, it doesn't get more classic than that. Not only does it fall under the sort of nautical category, which I think is coming back anyway, but it's also timeless. I'm super into it. This is actually one of the few things that I personally will be buying if I see a version of it that appeals to me because it really excites me.

And if this prediction is true or even if it's not, I'm probably going to get my hands on it anyway because I really want a yellow pair of rain boots and I really want a yellow raincoat. It just is cute and I just want it. But jumping off of that, I think perhaps a pop of yellow could be the new pop of red. Last year, it was all about the pop of red. I could see a pop of yellow becoming the new pop of red. That's just a brief side note. It doesn't really have anything to do with nautical, but I don't know.

We'll see. Okay. Back to nautical. Blue and white stripes. Okay. I think stripes are going to be all the rage. I think they're going to be all the rage in a bazillion different ways. Like the black and white stripe, indie sleaze. Blue and white stripe, nautical aesthetic. Okay. Red and white stripe, nautical aesthetic. I think a nautical stripe is going to be really in, which I absolutely love. classic cable knit sweaters, like thick, chunky, high quality looking, simple, one color, neutral colors, cable knit sweater, like a cream cable knit sweater, a blue cable knit sweater, not neon, not bright, muted, muted colors, muted colors, cable knit sweater, very fisherman looking, very vintage looking, but not vintage in like an eighties way.

No, Oh, classic, classic, simple, neutral cable knit sweater.

Thick knit, thick, thick yarn. Not thin, not flimsy, thick, boxy, fisherman cable knit sweater. Little fisherman's hats, okay? Like a little tight little beanie or like a little tight little cap that has no bill at the front. Like it's just a little fisherman's cap, a little, do you know what those are? Like a little cap? Cap? with no front bill.

What is that called? Great. I found it. Yeah. It's a no brim hat, a pillock's hat. Is that what it's called? Pillock's. Watch that be like some sort of like really rude derogatory term. I always get, no, it's not called a pillock's. Oh, is it pillbox or pillock's? This is not what I'm looking for. This is wrong. It's a no brim hat, brimless hat. those are in.

I actually almost bought a brimless hat like six months ago. I didn't end up buying it because the material was a little bit too cheap for my liking, but I've had my eye on those for a while now and I think they're going to be in. And last but not least, in the world of nautical fashion, this is not very fisherman aesthetic. This is not very, it's not even that nautical, like it is nautical, but it's like, it's a bit more elevated it?

Pearls. I think pearls are in. Like a little pearl necklace. I don't know. I feel like pearls haven't been in for a while. And I could see pearls having a moment this year. Like a chic, classic pearl. I don't know. I could see it happening. Okay. That is what I think is going to be in in 2025. If I literally get one of those predictions correct, I will be so stoked. I mean, the truth of the matter is, lot of those predictions aren't even fully predictions because a lot of them are already starting to pop up now or like they already were popping up last year, but maybe they just weren't mainstream yet.

And I think they're going to go mainstream this year. And then some things were more random, but we shall see. Here's what I think is going to go out of style in 2025. These are the things that I predict are really going to go out. of style in 2025.

Number one, every single niche in aesthetic and core that happened in 2024, every single one. We really, really had a quick trend cycle last year. And I think every single thing that we experimented with last year is just absolutely over this year. Every trend that popped up last year, we wore to death. thing.

Like very few things from last year that were big are going to make it to this year. I think most of them are going to die in 2024. Next, dressing exactly like another era on the nose. Okay. Almost like period dressing, not like period dressing, like, oh, I'm about to have my period. So I'm wearing black pants so that I don't stain my pants. I mean, like dressing exactly like a certain time period. I don't even know what the term for that would be, but you get the idea. Over the last few years, There's been moments where it's been trendy to dress exactly like a certain era on the nose.

OK, like Y2K on the nose. That was really trendy for a little bit. Dressing super 90s on the nose was trendy for a little bit. Dressing really 70s on the nose was trendy for a little bit. Dressing super 80s on the nose. This is all within the last five years. OK, at any point in time over the last five years, there's been a trend of dressing like a certain era, whether it's Y2K or 90s or 80s or 70s or 60s.

Actually, not really 60s as much, but do you get what I'm saying? Like dressing exactly like a certain time period. I think that that's out completely. And I know that I mentioned 90s minimalism and I know that I mentioned 60s mod as being in, but I more mean elements from those time periods. I don't mean like dressing exactly like that time period.

I think that dressing exactly like a certain time period, it always sort of feels costume-esque, which is not timeless. Mixing and matching various references from various decades and making something kind of new and kind of your own, I think that's probably better. And I think that that's going to be what people are doing in 2025. I think it's going to look costumey to dress exactly Y2K, exactly 90s, exactly 70s.

You know what I mean? Even exactly 60s mod, even though I think a lot of elements of the 60s mod are going to be in. I think if you dress up like you're somebody in the 60s mod era, it's going to look costumey. And I think that that's not going to fly in 2025. Next camo. Camo is so done. It's done. Unless you're literally like a deer hunter, or you're in the army.

Like, no, if you're just, if you're like, like a little fashion kid in New York wearing the camo, I think that might be out. I think that might be out. I think that pattern is out. I'm sorry. I never loved it, which is, by the way, if you love camo, I'm not even kidding. If you love camo still, by all means, wear camo. Okay. It's none of my business, but I think it's out. It got really big in 2024. And I think, It's going to be out.

Next, the whole soccer jersey trend, like it was such a trend to wear like international soccer jerseys. That is out. Everybody give your Argentinian soccer jersey for a team that you don't know back to your little brother who actually cares about the team. Do you know what I'm saying? Like it's done. We're not wearing those jerseys anymore unless it's genuine. If you genuinely love a certain soccer team them and whatever like that's different but there was a lot of people buying soccer jerseys and other sort of similar jerseys for the sake of fashion or stealing them from their little brothers give it back you know find somebody who you know who actually likes the team and give it to them just it's it's over uh and last but not least don't get mad at me for this designer dupes there's a big trend of buying designer dupes last year, which I don't think is necessarily bad.

If you really love something and you can find a dupe, I'm not going to judge you. You know, that's not, it's not about like moral righteousness. I'm not saying like designer dupes are out for 2025 because they're wrong. I am not the moral police here. Okay. I think it's out because I think people are going to choose to spend that money on something unique instead. Does that make sense?

Like instead of buying a dupe of something, why not take that money and buy something that just costs that much? You know, that's from like a cool, small little brand that you found online or at like a flea market or something. You know what I mean? I just think designer dupes are out because I think things that are explicitly designer are out. I think if you listen to my last episode about what I think is in and out for 2025, I talked a lot about how I think flexing and extravagance and showing off wealth. all of this is out.

And so I think as a result, you know, designer, like buying a designer dupe is out. Like, I just don't think people are going to be wasting their money on buying a dupe or something. Like, who cares? You know, like wearing designer things that are clearly designer aren't as, I think a bit of the excitement around that is gone. There are probably so many more trend predictions that I could come up with and so many things that I think are out, but that's all I have for right now. have to cut myself off or else I'll talk for nine hours.

And if I keep going, I'll also just list every single possible possibility, which also makes it less fun. It's like if I just, if I predict every single possible thing, like I think the 70s are going to be in and the 80s and the 90s and the 2000s. I think they're all going to be in. Then if I get one right, it doesn't matter because I actually listed every single possible thing that could ever possibly happen. So we're going to stop here. you all for listening and hanging out.

I hope that you enjoyed this episode. If I said something rude about something that you like, literally allow that to strengthen your love for that particular item, right? If I came on here and said, I hate camo, I did say that. If me saying I hate camo upsets you because you love camo, allow that to further strengthen your love for camo. Say, know what?

When Emma said she hated camo, it made me so mad because I love camo and Emma doesn't know what the fuck she's talking about. Great. Great. Wear whatever the fuck you want. Pay attention to the trend cycles. Ignore the trend cycles. Do whatever you want to do. Okay. Fashion is about you. Use fashion as a tool that benefits you. And it's not that deep. I love talking about it though. Oh my God. I love talking about fashion, but it's not that deep, but we'll see what happens. We'll see if I get anything right.

I really, really think the yellow raincoat, I keep almost calling it a rain coot. It's very weird. Uh, I really do think that the yellow raincoat and the yellow rain boots are going to come back that I have the same feeling about that, that I had about the boat shoes. Like it was almost like, uh, it was like God came down and told me. So we'll see. Anywho, that's all I have to say. Thank you all for listening and hanging out. It's always a pleasure. If you enjoyed it, come back. every Thursday and Sunday and hang out.

Anything Goes is anywhere that you stream podcasts and also on YouTube. So come hang out on YouTube now. It's pretty awesome. Check out Anything Goes on social media at Anything Goes. Check out me on social media at Emma Chamberlain and check out my coffee company at chamberlaincoffee.com and at Chamberlain Coffee on social media. That's all I got. Thank you all for listening and hanging out. I love you. I love you. I love you. And I'll talk to you soon. And bye.