Joe Rogan Podcast, check it out. The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by day, Joe Rogan Podcast by night, all day. Great to have you in, man. Great to be here. How you feeling? You must be feeling fantastic. Many things were successful, so even if I was a little bit, had a flu, many things. You had a flu before that fight? Yeah. week like five five days five days five days five days before five week i was in uh like how to say that no uh heat like bodies fever fever fever yeah fever so yeah that's crazy that was that was yeah that was something what i but every time maybe i'm a little bit glad for that because i'm every time trying to push my preparation too much that I'm every time hurt myself or I'm overtrained.

Right. So that's why I'm maybe just a little bit glad for that. That's interesting, right? It's so hard because you want to prepare so hard. You're so disciplined, so driven, but you can do yourself a disservice. You can go too far, and then you don't recover enough, and then you go into the fight a little compromised. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, we've seen that many times with fighters. get so enthusiastic about their training yeah because i feel like self-confidence and still there is something what you can do better yeah every day and that's my idea of the training life life idea to to to go better every day one percent better one percent better even if you don't if you can't train you can sit in a and visualize how you train, how the body is working.

Sometimes is the most biggest, like, the biggest thing what you can do is just rest. Like you show me the floating. Yes. Yeah, you need one of those, man. All the people that I know, you need one. A sensory deprivation tank. You should get one of those. Because I know you're into meditation. I know you spend a lot of time in dark rooms, that's meditation times 100.

That's right. Do you monitor your heart rate every day to see what your recovery is at, or do you just go by feel? Feeling. Feeling. Feeling. I did that in high-attitude training in November in Mexico, Mexico City, where it's 2,300, 200 meters. Yeah, 7,700 feet above sea level, I believe. Yes.

There I monitor everything, like take up blood exams before, in, and after this camp, four weeks camp there. Amazing, amazing. But your endurance was incredible in that fight because that was such a high-paced fight. And still, I felt like after that flu, I felt a little bit down. Well, that's pretty amazing then. shape before the flu.

It's that fine line, that balance. So you went to Mexico City. Did you know a gym up there? Did you bring your camp up there? I was there in UFC Performance Institute there. There's a new one. Nice. You have everything here in the Performance Institute, like regeneration, training, coaches, coaches with the pads.

I was there for, especially for, to work on the things what I took from the last fight with Pereira to work on the hands up a little bit, just a little bit. A little bit. But we were talking about it in the broadcast. Your hands down sometimes has a benefit. There's a real advantage to it because no one sees where those punches are coming from. that don't know what I'm talking about.

Not just punches. Yes. Movement, movement, head movement. Head movement was excellent. Everything. Your head movement was excellent. And the feeling, feeling with the hands up is another one with the hands down. Because this is your natural posture. Right. Yeah. So you spend most of the time in this. just a feeling the space feeling the I can explain to to another person like this one because when I'm when I am in in the flow like you want to be in the flow in the fight some between the flow and uncomfortable somewhere somewhere in the center so when I achieved this attitude that's why I don't need to keep my hands up because this for me means for everybody that means defending i don't need to defend myself when i see when i see everything when i feel everything and but like i understand in this preparation where i tried where i did all the camp hands up like this gives you the calm in uh in the close distance in a close distance it's not so uh sometimes it's not so smart to keep hands down.

But I'm crazy enough to go through, to be in the moment, to stress my body so much in this situation, to see every movement, every start of the movement of my opponent, that I can react before he starts. And the next level is to try to... uh to read uh read uh the thinking of the opponent what he wants to do before he do that so so there is a many levels of that so but sometimes i can't explain that sometimes uh like in the second fight with Pereira i was a little bit uh punched uh and in the in the in the end of the first round so i stepped to the Second round.

And I said to myself, I was too courageous and keep the hands down. So that's why it happened. Right. You should have been more defensive maybe to recover. Yes. Yes. One thing you said after that fight, you said you have to evolve. And one thing that I saw in this last fight with Jamal Hill was evolution. I really saw it. You really see it. Like the counters, the head movement and the counters were brilliant.

I put on my Instagram stories. It was so incredible. He threw a punch, you slid slightly out of the way, landed a straight left, and then the right hook that dropped him. But it was so dynamic. It was so fast and precise. I was like, that's a different Yuri Prohaska. Like, your earlier fights were always excellent. You always had amazing power and very unusual movement, very difficult to predict. But the sharpness of your counters was on another level.

That's what I worked on. Yeah. To not just connect to the opponent and react what's happened right now, but a little bit before what will happen. Yes. Well, you're definitely getting better, which is so fascinating. You had a very brilliant approach. You waited until you had reached a certain level before you entered the UFC. You could have been in the UFC years earlier. Yeah.

That's right. That's right. Fitness isn't just about what you do in the gym. It's also about your nutrition. But even with the best diet, some nutrients can be hard to get. And AG1 can help fill those gaps. AG1 delivers optimal amounts of nutrients in forms that help your body perform. AG1 makes foundational nutrition easy because there aren't a million different pills and capsules you have to keep track of. It's just one scoop mixed in water. It's such an easy routine to keep in the mornings. and are intentionally picked to work in sync with the whole formula for optimal impact.

They are seriously committed to quality. AG1 is tested for hundreds of contaminants and impurities, and they're constantly reformulating their recipe to dial it in. This is all part of why I've partnered with AG1 for years. So get started with AG1 this holiday season and get a free bottle of vitamin D3, K2, and five free AG1 travel packs with your first purchase at drink.

That's a $76 value gift for free if you go to drinkag1.com. Seriously, get on this. like my two coaches what I began with began with like all the time with me because I think that's that's the only thing you can go to be a master with in something to stay with with some people with some tight circle yeah tight circle in some and go deeper you can go really deep yeah so it's also I've loyalty loyalty is very important and this is it means a lot you know and when people worked really hard to get you to a certain level what I like is there's some coaches that they recognize that maybe there's other skill sets they can bring in so they work with other people as well you know but always stay with the people that brought along as the relationship is good always stay with the people that brought you to the game sure sure because in the end you can you can change But you have to start again with the same people and go.

And again, you will go to the same level, to the same problems with these people because it's not about them. It's always about you to recognize what's in you. How much tape do you watch? Do you watch a lot of film? Do you watch videos of fights? Yeah. I was five days sick before the fight.

Spartans, 300. Ongback, I watch. Ongback, man. That's wild shit. No wild shit, but I was really inspired. I was really hungry to see something because a long time I didn't see some good, not good movie. It doesn't matter if it's good or new, but these old classics of the fighting, Jean-Claude Van Damme, kickboxer and all these things oh yeah that's what that's what uh made a spark in inside me to a true love for martial arts because they in the in that movies they live that really leave that and hey and they have no other chance to to solve their problems just just by martial arts and something so that's that's why i'm so you got inspired by movies yeah do you watch a lot of films of fight footage like your fights your opponent's fights yeah yeah yeah but i don't need to i don't need many times to to study that i just need to like see once once i i just see the attitude like attitude of the start of the fight how he's fighting his how to say his spirit his mindset how he's thinking how is the start of moving of his body how he's reacting for not just for opponent for the many for a slipping and and movement but everything like a personal and studying the that guy his energy his wife how is he always reacting how is react in in in some situation like these I pokes and all these things like some some breaks in the fight every every time because It shows you how he has under control himself all the time, all the time.

And this is something what Alex Pereira, I don't know what is his story behind, but he handled that. He handled that, and that's why he is how he is. Now he's starting to be more relaxed, and I wish him to stay. sharp well i think he's more relaxed outside the fight but in the fight he's always very calm yeah very calm and very focused yes yes yeah did you watch your first fight with him before you watched the second before you have fought him the second time yes sure sure yeah i studied him a lot but the second fight i i a little push it too much too aggressive no no no I don't know, like...

Training? After the fight, I was like, I want Alex Pereira after I'm ready for him. Right now I'm ready too, but I'm open for whoever UFC will give me like a next opponent to prove that I am, but I want a true challenge. Like, I want a true challenge from the, I think, top five guys.

The interesting thing about the light heavyweight division is there's only about five really exciting contenders, four or five really exciting. There's not a deep pool of fighters that would be, you know, very interesting to see you fight. That's right, because there is a, like I said today, there's a few guys who really have the taste, have the drive to go to, I want to go to the top.

I want to take it. I feel the energy of the crown and I can take it. That's why I'm doing that. That's why I'm still talking about that to be there because I really feel that I can be the top. And one thing what I needed is that I had to be stable.

Stable to not just get to the top and back and out, but to go to the top and know how it is to be there. Know to keep all these weights on the top, what there is. Yeah, defending the title is more difficult even than getting the title.

It's improving while you're champion. You know, they say that Daniel Cormier always says that every champion improves, like, significantly once they become champion because you have the confidence of being champion. And it's just how long can you maintain the kind of energy that's required to constantly get better? Because it's not just about maintaining, right? It's about constantly improving, constant analysis of all your movements and what you're doing right and what your mistakes that were made for the mistake and how to eliminate that yeah yeah this is something what what is like i said the style of japanese they they call that kaizen yes kaizen like daily improvements small improvements daily recognizing what's bad what's good and sometimes it's like feel i feel like it's like i like a sick like to be upset too much obsessed in that man you need a little break that's that's why i think the life gave me this uh little break before the flu yeah was that why you came in so light yeah yeah was that why that was that that was why because i was watching a video with luke thomas was going over your performance everybody was very impressed and he was as well but one of the things that he was talking about was that you only weighed 208 pounds you don't know when you walked into the cage i thought i will do my best when i would go to the sauna night before the waiting and spend there and again i i changed i switched myself in the sauna and i was there like for two hours oh no like another just like 15 minutes 15 15 like many rounds right right right two hours there and do you do sauna cold or just sauna relax relax relax okay uh no no no uh sauna cold okay so and then you go back in the sauna yes sure and cold normally like the cold cold punch I'm doing that daily because I have at home the cold punch and I'm using that yeah they're fantastic yeah and but the fun is the second day after that and I didn't drink anything after the sauna and next day morning I went I went to do to the control weight and then I have I don't know how to say in the universe, 91 kilograms.

I'm fighting in 93 and a half. And I was two and a half kilograms under my weight. So it's like 200 pounds. Yeah. So I was the only one guy who was in a row to the weights, and I tried to hide myself before other guys, and I drank one liter of the, of the water, second liter of the water.

Wow. Just because you didn't want to weigh in light. Because I spent too much time in the sauna, man. Wow. That's crazy. Because you only weighed 208. Yeah. I felt really like... You look great. You look very lean and fast, man. Fast. You look like significantly... You've always been very fast. But you looked even faster. It's just all about this. Man. Man, what?

If you have the reason why and you can not just you want it like your ego just want it, but you feel it like it's your destiny, these moments, and it's yours. So then it will happen. So do you feel like maybe even the fights with Pereira are a blessing and that it showed you what you need to work on? Every time. way how to how i want to see that yeah yeah especially especially the the guy like him who's really top guy and his uh style his mindset what he showed till now was something what i needed to work on still still i'm on i'm on the way yeah Well, his style is extraordinary.

It's very unusual, as is yours. But the thing that's shocking the most about him is that he only needs to hit you once. Is it much different, the power that you feel from him than anybody else? There is a difference from other guys. Yeah, there is a difference. But only one thing I can say. I know the recipe. You know the recipe? Yeah. What's the recipe?

What's the recipe? Because you have to know how to give the punch and how to accept the punches. How to move with it. How to move with it. And how to overcome the bad moments and all these things. But it's better, much better to defend the punch with the hand or defend the punch with the movement.

Did you ever watch any of his glory kickboxing fights? Yeah. This is a good one to watch, the Artem Vahitov fight. Because Vahitov's very technical. I think he won. He won a very close decision. It was very close. It was one of those fights where you could call it either way. But he won. But he's very technical, very interesting to watch him deal with the style of Pereira. Because Pereira is such an unusual way of moving.

He holds his hands up. He looks different. So do you. You look different. There's only a few fighters that if you saw their silhouette, I can go, oh, that's Yuri Prohaska. I can see it right away. I know how you move. And Alex is that way as well. It's a very unique way of moving. But the way Vahitav handled it is a good blueprint for a lot of people to avoid the power and keep the volume on him. What was your original style? What was the first martial art that you learned?

Muay Thai. Muay Thai. Yeah, I started in my high school. I started with karate because it was in a daily schedule. What kind of karate? Shotokan. Shotokan. And judo, there was two. And I felt like I need something more contact, more aggressive. So, not aggressive, but more potent. More potent, yeah.

I started with Muay Thai. Yeah. The most potent. Yeah. Muay Thai is fascinating to me that this one island figured out how to fight better than anybody on the feet. Yeah. That's right. And a lot of it, they did it through gambling. Yeah. That's a lot of it. That's right. Because they're so into gambling that they had so many fights and then people just fought a lot and then they're like, what works best? And then they figured it out. Yeah. And right now, after watching Ong Bak, I'm just still realizing what is the, what is the best style what is the best movements best deadly techniques what to do and right now after the watch the home back i i see the muai boran right like uh like my next chapter to what i want to see real real like uh in in thailand to see really how to use that and how to how to because i'm the man who's like taking the piece here taking the piece here and making combining it all together yeah so uh have you trained in thailand thailand yeah yeah yeah just a little bit for for like uh three weeks there before uh before the title fight with the shara then i was there with uh for a camp yeah phuket yeah the one of the bank tall one of the greatest knockouts that you had was that dominic reyes spinning elbow which is beautiful muay thai flow that's beautiful flow it's like you just timed that out that was a real coming out party for you that fight because that was when people like my god like this guy yeah always find a way yeah yeah when you um first started fighting in mma was this something first of all how old were you when you had your first fight oh when i was first fight in my 18 19

And were you looking at it as a career? Yeah. Yeah, right from the beginning. Were you looking at it to do, that was what you wanted to do professionally? Yeah. Yeah, right away? Right away, yeah, from my 20, 20, around my 20, yeah. You knew you wanted to be a championship fighter. Yes, yes, because that was something what I was too inspired by because I was a young guy who tried to, to challenge everything around himself, everything, every man, every situation, everywhere.

I am better than this. I am better than this. And not the school. Just not in the school. But I like the fighting. I fall in love with the fighting, with the looking for, finding my biggest strength.

That's why I'm going every time to the nature, to sleeping in the mountains. That's why I'm living in the cottage, to be in contact with the nature, to feel the present moment and rare natural power of the water, fire, of all these things, of the sun. Yeah. Yeah, I was going to ask you about that. When did you start this training in nature? because when you look at your setup that you have at your place and everything's outside, you know, you put pads over trees and you punch and kick trees.

Yeah, sometimes it looks weird, but, you know, wow, I don't like to, I don't like. Right now I realize I need to, right now I want to overcome the people, the men, the sparring partners in the training. but like in my personal way uh i was inspired by once i was inspired by uh masutatsu oyama who was the founder of uh kyokushinkai karate and i saw his movie and how he spent uh more than one year one and a half year in the mountains and he trained just in the mountains under the waterfall in the winter uh in the winter and He made from himself a really something like unshakable mind, self-confidence, so deep because he found a way how to overcome, how to rule his body.

He's describing that in his book like the mind without the thinking, like without the thoughts. pure mind, pure focus, pure consciousness right here, right now.

And I took that like my own way. And I think it was year 2014, 2015. And I took everything in myself. I took a tent, yeah. And I went to the mountains, to the mountains, there for just for like one week two weeks one healthy yeah and i i was inspired too much so i did the same thing i ran there and i punched to the to the rock and yeah and uh yeah and i just and i just want to fight with the environment like with the with the nature around me and in the end You can realize there is no fighting.

There is nothing. This is the pure life because this is the pure life because the life has the one reason to overcome everything around and survive, survive, survive, survive. And this is the nature what is in us. So this is and as deeper you can go in this uncomfortable environment things that deep you can uh understand the life and like be a philosopher about that like understand understand more deeply and i don't know how to say yeah no you're saying it right yeah i understand what you're saying so that's why so i was inspired by the masutatsu oyama and that's why i decide after the second fight with alex i need to go to Japan, to Japan, to the places to make a black belt from Kyokushinkai karate and really feel all these things like a realist, realist.

Not just think about that, how it can be, how is this style can be, but to live that. That's it. Because I like to take an inspiration and take it and go there. Fight that. that guy.

Live that experience. This is it. Playoffs. We're talking about playoffs? You bet we are. Get in on the action with DraftKings Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Scoring touchdowns is key to winning the playoffs, and you can score big by betting on them at DraftKings, the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your bet? Try betting on something simple, like a player to score six.

Go to DraftKings Sportsbook app and make your pick. New DraftKings customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app and use the code ROGAN. That's code ROGAN for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet just $5. Only on DraftKings Sportsbook. The crown is yours.

Well, you're obviously very physically talented, but I think one of the things that does separate you from other fighters mindset that you've cultivated and that you embrace.

And I think... It's the only way. It's also something fascinating about the fact that you do do it outside. I think that scares people. I think there's something about the fact that you like to be fighting in nature and punching trees. Because I'm coming from one village where there was a lot of good guys. But everybody, we were We are still really crazy.

When we are celebrating, it's all the time about... Right now, we are trying to slow down to show others we are adults. We know we are the man. But still, it's about showing the strength. What to destroy. How to punch other guys. How to show the strength above others.

So, and when there was, when there started on the, okay, like I said, when on these parties started the level of like, it was really dangerous, fire and firearms and the cars and the fire and it was not safe. Then I said, guys, okay, we are amazing.

Be mature. Please. Take it down a notch. Somebody could die. That's something what you have to realize. And this essence of looking for a strength, this something, this true madness, like when I see this picture. of that and and it remembered me that when i saw that when i came here the jre yeah yeah the logo yeah and when i saw it it remembered me like yes go through going through all the time choose the choose the hardest way and go through overcome whatever and show you are the you are the boss yeah and and this is this is it this is why I came from that place where we are trying to show each other this one.

And I'm trying to carry that energy and put it in the calm way to show it in the cage. And that's why the Samurai Ideas, the Bushido Codex, helping me in that to show it.

That's all. I understand. And then you feel that in training in nature and then experiencing the wild and getting it out there, it becomes even more pure because you recognize that all around you is survival. That's right. Yeah. Thank you. You are on the wave now. We're on the same wave. So what year did you start doing this training in the wild? Like I said, in 2014. yeah like I was I started was inspired by by Masutatsu Oyama and then I realized it's not about opponents man it's about just your body just about rule your body how much you can you can rule your body rule your mind rule your emotions logical state of of thinking yeah to find the way how to not overcome how to rule your breath because this is this this is it this is the way and because this is the most primal thing of the body yeah first when the child is born like first his breath everything is like you can you can settle by by the breath in in the body is like a great serve, but a bad boss.

So it serves you well, but you can't let it control you. Yes. So there's many levels what you have to rule in your body, what you have to understand and put it in one way in the present moment.

So you had your first fights when you were around 18, 19? Yep. And then how long, when did you decide that you were ready for the UFC and how did you make that decision? Because I do know that you were offered fights before, but you said, I want more development time. That was somewhere in the center of, in my sixth, seventh fight in the Ryzen. So around a year to, to 17 to 18 yeah something like that and uh yeah i realized that man there is a there is a way in the rising yet yeah so i need i need to no i need to i want to take a title here i want to prove that i'm the how to say like the the king of japan like yeah to to rule rule these guys really and then I can go to the league of the best because if you want to go to the league of the best, better to be prepared for.

Yeah, I think that happens too often. That's why I can't fight for a title in three fights. I think boxing has it right. In that boxing, they look at fighters, managers look at fighters as an investment.

If you're a manager and you have like Floyd Mayweather, you don't give Floyd Mayweather the best fight you can get him right away with the toughest guy. You want to see how he performs with a guy who is an inside puncher, a body puncher who is a brawler. You want to see how he handles a slick guy like Emmanuel Augustus with unorthodox movement. How does he handle Diego Corrales, long, tall reach? And you build them with fighters that you think you've got to know when they're ready.

And then there's an objective assessment. Okay, he's ready. Then you start moving him into top ten contenders. Then you move him to a title shot. The UFC throws you right to the wolves. It's good to have this objective view. I like to be just a watcher of my progress, of the situation. Think about that, how to plan it, how to see that.

Just to see yourself as another person and put it in myself in a way where it will be the best for these targets. And then go in and do that. Yeah. And when you had a very quick rise in the UFC to a title fight, so you fought. Was Volkan Ozdemir your first fight? Yeah. So you beat Volkan Ozdemir.

Then Dominic Reyes was the second fight. And then, bam, title shot. Crazy. So that's the reason to be so prepared. Yes. Because if you're successful, things go very quickly. That's right. And you have to be ready. When you look at your first fight with Volkan Ozdemir and then you look at your fight with Jamal Hill, do you see significant improvement? With who? The first one? When you look at your first fight in the UFC when you fought Volkan Ozdemir and now you look at yourself now in the most spectacular performance against Jamal Hill, do you see the improvement?

Right now I can say yes. Yeah. Yeah, because there was a... With the Volkans, the mirror, there was just a pure raw power. Raw... Aggression. Aggression. Aggression, but not so... Refined. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah, you can see that in the fight, man, there was just a pure... Chaos. Pure chaos, man. Yeah. I was too much. is the self-confident.

When you are too much self-confident, it's a bad thing. Because ego will took you to another line and it will destroy you. It will burn you. So you have to keep that burn, that fire under control and to give these attacks, these aggressiveness And just a small, to keep it under control.

Yeah. I like what you just said, that ego will take you to another line. Man, it's good to be, to have it. Yeah. We can't live without in this world with cooperations, with collaboration, talking, relationships. Yeah. You can't live without. But also you have to cultivate that.

So there is two worlds without in life. So you have to go in. Yeah, they have to be working together. The mind and the ego have to be working together. And the no mind, the zen, the staying, the flow. And the ego will take you out of the flow. The ego will be like, I'm going to go fuck him up. And then, boom, you get hit. I like what you said, though, about it takes you out of the line. Because it takes you into a different line. It takes you in a different line of fighting. sometimes in that line you'll realize you're out of place you realize you're leaving openings that shouldn't be there and you're trying to force yeah good force yeah force and power yeah yeah and good when you you said like when you realize that it's bad when you don't realize and sometimes it's good when you have the people around you to to man bring you back bring you back yeah that's why I'm sometimes really glad for my team my people to keep me back.

That's what's amazing about having a coach who knows you. Having trainers who know you. They know where you're at. Like, calm down, calm down. Everything's great, but you're hitting the gas too much. So be a little more technical, move around more. Yeah, but not too much. Not too much, not too much, right. That's right, because sometimes it's this wildness, the aggression to take over. It's too necessary. Well, that's what I asked you after the fight. I said, There's something about you where you thrive, you get better when it's chaotic.

It seems like you relish in the chaos of these wild exchanges. Sometimes fighters like to piece people up where they're not getting hit. Jamal Hill's really good at that. The Glover Teixeira fight, he did a fantastic job of utilizing his game and his accuracy and reach, and he just put it on Glover. But they don't want to be in these wild exchanges. You seem to want to. be in these wild exchanges because you thrive there yeah that's right that's right and sometimes it's i don't know where where is the where it these to keeping yourself and the control is going from sometimes it's going from the fear to be not hit sometimes it's going from to be careful for the takedowns and but i want to be like fearless in that like to stay behind uh stay before the opponent And have no fear.

You can go as close as you want and try to hit me, and you will not hit me because I'm here, and I feel you. I got you. So I can't explain it, and I don't want to explain it. I want to show that in a fight. Right. I know what you're saying. One of the things that we were talking about, Daniel and I were talking about when we were doing the commentary, was your head movement was so good. It was different than before.

It was like at another level. Like, what specifically had you done to prepare that made your head movement so much better? I have, like, a long time I'm working on that. Like, since my, before I stepped in the UF, no, since my title finding, I really exactly know what's, when I started to work on, especially on that, because I realized that, this is my game.

This is really what's me. this feeling to to push you in some way you know understand to feel the space but still be calm be unshakable and you can feel the then you can feel the space around you everything and whatever will move right now you will react for that and naturally because you will feel the, the, these, all these things like yours, like yourself, like everything is you.

And then, then you can step to the level I'm everywhere because there is no difference between me, this, this thing, this thing, the opponent, but still, but still. And that's sometimes why I need to be, why I need to be a little bit hit to feel the, aggression back to the fight that was that was before the before the UFC and I need I was needed to to get hit because I need to because I felt him felt the felt the movement felt the right right movement everything was right but I I also needed to be more aggressive to wanted to go through the opponent yeah because I was too how to say too nice too nice for them to just show them I can sleep and I can move everything you can't hit me but this is not the fight the fight is the answer to catch him in the right moment so yes to be here and now to be like I said to be everything but still to not be pushed by these like to be to be so nice not too much aggressive but something in the middle still control that it's all about control balance yeah i like what you said like that there's no difference between you and your opponent like you're not even you're just in this flow of movement and life yeah and this thing you're you're choosing to do there's no difference between you and them you're not you don't even exist yeah you're just a part of it all yes and the bad is bad for fighting is when you really realized we are doing this we are doing we are fighting each other and right now I'm going to hurt other person and you don't you don't see a really the difference between you and him so you know you are doing to to yourself but this is the game what we chose right and We are here to have a fun, so not just have a fun, to live this experience.

To live this experience and an extreme experience that will teach you about yourself like no other experience. Yeah, that's right. If you want to learn about yourself, go fight. Yeah. You'll really find out. You can bullshit yourself all you want, but until you fight. That's right. is to Pereira.

What is your process like of evaluating what went wrong and how to change things? What's wrong? Yeah. What's your process? What do you do when you lose a fight and then you come back? What is your thought process? What do you say? I have to learn. I have to figure out what went wrong. Let me... After that last, the second fight, first time I can... in my life I realized that man that was really like I will not say what was that how hard it was because I don't like it but it was something what I didn't experience yet not like till now so that time I really realized how powerful the meditation and the true self-talking with how the true meditation look like.

Because I have no other chance than to start stop doing a bullshit, stop doing just pure inspirational training in the garden, stop doing all these things and and start doing just things what's what really matter what can what have the a real effect how you can feel how you want to be and yeah the power of true self-talking power of true overcoming the mistakes in a lot in in the life and be the boss of your mind because sometimes it's, sometimes it's, yeah, it was, it was the next level, yeah.

Very difficult to recover from a loss like that, but you... Yeah, because especially when you lost, like, that was, that was, that was bad. Yeah. For me, like, how to say, like, like a man who likes the honor, And all these codes, like from Bushido Moral Code, that was something that was for me really bad.

He got you. Yeah, yeah. That's how it goes. Man, you can say it like that, but I really work on every move, every thought, every catching the every every move in the in the fighting and now this happened that was not me that was that was really it was me but man you show yourself your worst your your worst to the world man but so that's why then you came after that and showed your best so this is the thing about overcoming a loss like that is that i'm sure it was awful but because of it the pain that you felt from it caused you to rise to another level.

That's what is life about, yeah. You need the challenge. You need the Tong Po, you know? Yeah, no, no, that's right. And how I see this world, and this is what I wanted to speak with you, what is here right now, the true challenges in this world, in this age? in a in a human's life in like like what is there because how i see that like there is a not too much thing what we not not too much there is a lot but still we can go right now we have to go to another level because there is a too much of the of the of the comfort life Like that, you can have the food.

Like that, you can have a drink, a massage, everything. So there is no price, like I see in the young people, what they want to pay to really achieve something. They just want things handed to them. That's it. Yeah, this is an entitlement error because things are very easy. easy it's very difficult to develop character that's why for young people I always tell them you should choose to do something hard choose to do something hard for your human development for you as a human being because if you just live your life in comfort you will have a terrible life yeah I think and only one reason only one thing what I realized like maybe maybe the one one one thing the step up will be like to step back and understand the true life.

I think so. I think we'll realize that the people that live this way are living disastrous lives and people will learn from that mistake because this level of comfort that most people have is very new historically. It's very new in human history. There's never really been a time where the poor people were fat. That's right. This is a weird time. That's right, yeah. The poorest amongst us have no worries about starving. to death they're in america they they're fat it's more common than not i think some crazy number of people in this country are obese what was the number it was like 60 percent 60 percent of people are obese something crazy like that which is just nuts and it's too easy it's too easy to exist and i don't mean it's too easy like you don't have to work and i'm sure everybody has to work and your work sucks it's hard and you got to get up every day but physically you have to do something to test your and your discipline.

And if you don't, you're going to have a shitty life. That's right. That's right. That's right. And you won't be able to control yourself in situations that require you to stay calm. I think right now it's up to, like it was in every culture, up to the older people to teach the younger to real life, to tell them, like simply tell them the stories, listen to the stories, true life man because we are forgot forgotten for all these things because we have the phones and this is the fake lives it's a fake life it's a fake life and it's bad for you it's bad for your development it'll hinder your potential like whatever you want to do in life if you want to be an artist if you want to be a musician whatever you want to you want to be an author it will hinder your development if you live the comfort life and okay so yeah this is it yeah and how you how you see the like like in the 10 years, in the 50 years, in the 100 years, what's the next step for that?

Not good. Right now I'm trying to lead you in some way, but no, this is your podcast story. No, you tell me. I'm curious about that because I'm trying to, this is my true motivation, the human evolution, the evolution of myself. how to fight better how to overcome the opponent better how to show him that i am everywhere and you have no chance around me please keep hold your head down and tell the other i'm the winner you know you know this is like yeah my ego right what wants this but the way to this there is but still in some humble way humble way to show it like peacefully show it show it like uh show violence peacefully yeah that's it yeah um it was nice seeing you and jamal hill out after the fight having a drink together that was nice to see yeah i i bought him the like my original drink what i'm drinking the vodka vodka soda lime and uh I told him like, we fight together, we drink together.

Let's go for that. Yeah, because man, we are everybody. We are one. In the end, there is no enemy. Even if you're the baddest enemy of the world. Man, it was a good life. It was a good fight. Let's drink together.

Celebrate together. That's all. Was it cool? Was it cool hanging out with him? That was cool. That's something what I like to do with my opponents, whoever won, you win, you lose, whatever. That's great. It's always nice to see. That's one thing that people really do love about a great fight is afterwards when the guys hug. Yeah, but still, still, I don't like to speak opponent in some way in some bad way before the fight right and after fight change it like right it's not exist it and right now we are the friends and everything good man please yeah let's be honest you talk a shit about me talking about me okay so you are the motherfucker but doesn't matter let's drink together you are who you are i am who i am let's drink together but stay stay honest Right.

Keep that energy. Man. Yeah. Yeah. Because that's why I like to keep same word, same attitude before the fight, in the preparation and after the fight, in the fight, after the fight, all the time, like the same. That's me. Yeah. And I want to show me, not me before and me after. Right. There's a lot of guys just for the sake of promoting.

They talk a lot of shit, and they're just trying to stir things up and make the fight more exciting by insulting people, insulting their families. Yeah, and it gets very ugly. And I think the audience turns on them over that. And one of the things that's shown with your success and your popularity and guys like Alex is that you don't even have to speak English. Like, it doesn't matter if you kick ass. I mean, it doesn't matter. You could talk all the shit you want, get everything hyped up.

What really matters is how you perform inside the octagon. When you perform inside the octagon like Alex has, like you have, there's no need for shit talking. People love you, and they love you just by the style of your fighting and you're expressing your soul inside that cage, like who you are as a man inside that cage. You don't have to talk shit about someone's wife or all that crap. Yeah, that's why many people around me, like my manager, He even tried to be more focused for a promo and all these things.

Man, the fight will do the promo. This is the main thing of everything. Not selling these things, these things, these, these. The main thing is the performance. The performance. have to do a lot of promotion before the fight.

I'm like, man, leave that guy alone. What's really important is how he's going to perform. If you want to promote it, have a bunch of people like me or Daniel Cormier or Chael Sonner, have people talk about the fight. Hype the fight up. You don't have to bother this guy at 7 o'clock in the morning and talk to him for an hour about some fucking nonsense. Leave him alone. That's what I like on UFC. They are focused for performance. That's great. Every time. And no talking. Before, no one fight. fight no special promo before the yeah like afterwards do interviews like right now afterwards relax but when leading up to the fight the most important thing is that you're 100 prepared and anything that distracts from that should be eliminated that's right that's right that's right and yeah and many many many uh fighters are yeah yeah like focus for yeah still there there are things about talking that i do like And what I do like is that, first of all, it gets a lot of people excited about it, which makes me happy because I want more people to watch the sport.

But also there's a psychological aspect, especially Conor McGregor. He's so good at talking shit that he gets people so angry that like when he fought Jose Aldo, for instance, like no one had ever treated Jose Aldo any way other than with respect. He was one of the greatest champions. He's an elite fighter. his title multiple times destroyed his division yes but you could tell that all that shit talking from connor had an effect on him emotionally and i think his ego made him go out of line so he ran right at connor and tried to hit him and connor stepped back and cracked him he was so energetic so now imagine if instead if jose aldo fought that fight and dragged it into the fourth and fifth round yep and started using the leg kicks that he used on your a favor and started like picking apart from be careful in the beginning but stay inside the game plan stay inside fight the best of your ability don't get emotional that could have been a very different fight that's right but that's the weapon the weapon of shit talking yeah and especially if you know how to use that oh yeah he uses it better than anybody he gets people so mad that's that's right that's that's right but it's still it's a big weight yeah it's a big weight what you need to what you know how to handle that.

Well, it's also that big weight weighs on you as well. It doesn't just weigh on your opponent. When you talk a lot of shit, it puts extra weight on you. And that can get you out of line. The additional pressure. You might hear the audience boo when they introduce you. You're like, oh, shit, what have I done? Yeah, that's right. Not everybody has this big self-confidence to keep that.

Yeah, it's an interesting aspect, but I don't like. If I had to choose one way or the other, I would say just fight. There's no need to talk shit. We should behave like martial artists. You know, my attitude about that is a true self-confident man, a true man who overcome and understand his body, his mind, the opponent's mind and body, and his mind. that guy don't need to talk shit doesn't matter to show that to others to the crowd or to fear the opponent because why I know that I don't need to make this show to anybody because I know it I know what will happen I have this self-confidence.

The thing about talking shit, though, it does make you more money. Because it does cause more people to pay attention. Like a good example of someone who doesn't need to talk shit but talks a lot of shit and becomes successful is Gordon Ryan. You know Gordon Ryan, the jiu-jitsu champion? That's his belt up there. That's his Abu Dhabi belt. Gordon talks a lot of shit. And he's the greatest of all time. And he still talks a lot of shit. That's him. But that's also why he's so popular. back to him and there's a lot of back and forth on social media the most important thing is to be uh to be him to be not like to play it right to play to right right to be true yourself right when you are like that yeah okay be a bad guy or or whatever but just show yourself that's it right who are you for real express who you are in there and you might not even like who you are after it that's right yeah it's a of guys that aggression especially after a loss it leads them to a place where they're like i don't even like how i behave i don't even like me especially with the bad feelings of a loss so when you have all this aggression and talking and then a loss and a bad loss and you have this feeling of like i was an and i lost and the crowd cheered when i lost like yeah yeah yeah yeah but that's the game they play though that's the that's the game and this is something what what is for me I can't forget life for myself because I want to show really true myself so I can't talk shit.

Yeah, you've got to be yourself. That's me. Yeah, you can't, especially now. If you try to become an asshole now, everybody would be confused. Like, what's going on if you took a heel turn? I am an asshole. But so... so big ones, so I need to keep myself so straight, so I can't do that because that will be just, like I said, ego line.

I will show you just this one line. No, I need to show you the center. Right. You need to be pure. You need to be you with no bullshit, and that's how you perform at your best. So after a fight like this, was a lot of space i brought back to the luke thomas video he was saying like you could be the middleweight champion like if you made 20 you fought at 208 like that's a lot lighter probably than dracus duplassi yeah dracus is huge i look at him i was like how does dracus make 185 he's so big have you thought about that i know there was some talk about that at one point in time yes i thought i thought about that but uh the main thing for me is right see the way in light heavyweight because I'm one of the strongest guys in this division and I still feel like there is a way in light heavyweight.

And I said to myself like, okay, you can go to the middleweight, but first show the consistency in light heavyweight. Take a belt, then you can, with a belt from light heavyweight, fight for the belt in the middleweight.

To be a double champion. Yeah. So, yeah. Well, you know, it's interesting because weight cutting is, in my opinion, the worst aspect of the sport. Josh Barnett was just talking about this. He was on the Ariel Helwani show and he was talking about the dangers of weight cutting in reference to Armand Saroukian's having to pull out of that fight. Armand is big. He's big. When I stand next to him, I cannot believe he makes 155 he's very muscular very dense and very lean and so for him to make 155 it must be an absolutely brutal weight cut i gotta think he weighs 180 easy maybe more you know he's big and i think off when he's out of camp i bet he weighs closer to 200 i mean he's fucking thick man so for a guy like why do they do that why they don't fighting in uh in in uh in uh uh higher weight class in higher weight class well The thing is, at that weight class, Islam Makachev is so fucking good.

And he's so big. He's another one. You stand next to him, you're like, how the fuck does this guy make 170? And he was actually talking about his first fight with Alexander Volkanovsky. And one of the problems that he faced was that the fight was very early Australia time so that it could be on pay-per-view in America. So he was getting ready at 5 a.m. the weight cut from the previous day okay so instead of having a full 24 plus hours so if you're weighing in at 10 o'clock in the morning now is it what time do you weigh in what time did you weigh in in los angeles eight eight in the morning okay so eight in the morning and then you have a full 36 hours plus before you fight that's right which is plenty of time to recover and rehydrate yeah but he did not get that with the volkanovsky fight and you saw it in his performance he didn't look as good okay and because he's I think weight cutting should be eliminated.

I said this to Ari Emanuel when they first bought the UFC. I said, listen, man, you know what you should do? Get rid of weight cutting. Just stop it. Look, if you can randomly test people for drugs, you can randomly test their weight. Show up with a scale. Hey, buddy, step on the scale. You're 190 pounds. How the fuck are you making 145? Do something like that. And come up with more weight classes. There should be a weight class every 10 pounds. to 205 that's a 20 pound gap that's huge that doesn't exist in boxing you should have every 10 pounds 85 95 205 225 and then unlimited instead of 265 let them weigh whatever the fuck they weigh yeah these got giant guys out there that can't fight in the ufc because they can't make 265 which is kind of crazy yeah right like bigfoot bigfoot silva when he was at his prime when he was when he was saucy he was like 300 pounds it was fucking huge so i like the way they're open weights man yeah Yeah, open weight, not 265.

Let Francis Ngana weigh whatever the fuck he weighs when he doesn't cut weight. He probably weighs like 290. Instead of having weight cuts, just take the champions, find out what the champion weighs. Like, don't get rid of the championship belts. Find out what does Islam Makachev weigh. Islam Makachev is a UFC champion, best pound-for-pound fighter on earth. Find out what he weighs. What do you weigh if you were healthy if weight cutting didn't exist? Would it be 180?

125? Okay. 190? Whatever that is, that's how you fight now. And we're not going to weigh you in the day before and let you rehydrate. That's crazy talk. Fight people your size. And also, the fights would be better because too many guys get depleted horribly by these weights. Like Max Holloway said he would never make 145 again after he fought Ilya Toporia. He's like, I can't do it anymore. Because he had gone up to 55, he got thicker, and then he went back to 45. drained.

He just wasn't himself. He didn't look good. So I think that would be, and I know this is not an easy thing to do, but I do think it's just like getting steroids out of fighting. When they brought in USADA, when USADA came in, you saw people's physiques melt. You saw people that were doing steroids on a regular basis and gaming the system and testing negative on the day of the fight, but all throughout their camp they were using, you saw their bodies change. They'd started looking like doughy, and then flabby because they didn't have any testosterone anymore because they had fucked up their endocrine systems.

Instead of allowing that, they brought in USADA, and USADA started randomly testing, and a lot of people fell off. Great champions fell off. Guys like Vitor Belfort fell off. Great fighters who, when they were using, were unbelievably good, but then as soon as they had to be natural. Okay, so we realized that we're going to have to sacrifice some fighters for that. This is the same approach that should be made with weight cutting.

Weight cutting should not exist. It's terrible for you. It's unnecessary. It's not necessary. It's just sanctioned cheating that we've done forever. If you're telling me that Alex Pereira, when he fought Israel Adesanya, he weighed 185 one day and 226 the next day. That's crazy. That's crazy. It's crazy. It's not a slight against Alex because Alex is willing to fight heavy.

He's willing to fight at what he weighs. Weight cutting is something that exists. It's sanctioned. They allow it to happen. They know what's going on, and it's cheating. That's right. They're not really 170 pounds. That guy's 195. He's depleted and dried out, and then he's going to swell back up again, and he's going to look huge the next day. Everything is evolving. Yes, they should evolve that because for the safety of the fighters, for the safety of the fighters, it's not good to dehydrate your brain.

24 hours before a cage fight. That's right. It's dumb. But nobody's going to listen to me. Nobody listens to me, Yuri. Nobody. Maybe off to DCI. I don't think they should even have cages. I think it should be an open floor. I think it should be an open floor like a basketball court. Yeah. Because I think the cage allows you to get up when you wouldn't ordinarily be able to get up. You could walk, wall, walk. The cage allows someone to press you up against an unnatural object. There's a cage there.

You could press a guy up against a cage. Whereas if you were standing in the center, you could do Muay Thai sweeps. You could rotate around each other. There'd be more action. There'd be more movement. That's right. I also think if someone takes you down at the beginning of the first round, at the end of the round, you're on your back, you start that second round in the same position. Yeah. You see that like, yeah, I have the similar rift of the fighting. First, I thought like, why there is a ruse?

Eye gouging. Eye pokes is not allowed. So I'm glad after this last fight, it's not allowed. It shouldn't be allowed, but it's very effective. Man, yeah, but show all your weapon of your body how you can defeat this man. That's all. One against one. That's all. Yes, one against one. That's all. And the minimal amount of rules possible. You know what other thing that I think they should do? talked to dana about this this week cover the fingers there's no reason to have these fingers exposed it doesn't help anything it doesn't help grappling you never grapple like this right you never you never use the fingers no no nobody does you do this yes or you do this yes or you do different things with your hands but your fingers are always closed still the feeling still the feeling i understand but the problem is the pokes because everybody does this because you're used to sparring with gloves on so i love the You know what will happen?

Everybody will be more prepared for every possible attack for an eye because eye is the weapon too. I can speak about that because I'm using that like I see. I know what you're saying. Maybe it's weird. The problem is you don't want people to go blind. right eye you know and that i just i feel like for the sake of the athlete's future everybody will took every fucking sorry every every every fight every fight so seriously so preparation will be so and every uh people in the crowd will watch that with the man in this fight there can happen something what after that fight we will not can nobody Right.

the moment and all the all these things right but like but that's what that's we are right now speaking like about ancient fights like about the fight for the life real fight yeah real fight no rules at all do you think maybe get rid of cups too and allow kicks to the balls that's real it's a real target it's a vulnerability of the human body to ignore vulnerabilities of the human body it sounds weird especially in this age of the full of laws and all these things.

Yeah. But that's how I see that. We are living in the age where the laws and the system is working. So we have to put some system on the fighting too. Right. Eddie Bravo actually came up with an idea. He was joking around, but he wanted to call it ultimate sacrifice. where you were allowed to kick a guy on the balls and that your balls would be exposed.

It was like when the balls are in play, the game changes. And the idea was that, like, your balls are so vulnerable, but yet you cover them like a tie cup, you know? And that if they didn't, if the balls were hanging out, like your chin is hanging out, that it would change everything. He was just joking around. It was very funny that the guy who would win would just have, like, iron balls. But nobody has iron balls.

I mean, the human body has the eye pokes and ball shots. You didn't see vulnerabilities. You didn't see the monks? Yeah. How are they kicking? I don't understand that. I think they're just hitting each other in the taint. I think their balls are tucked up. I think otherwise it doesn't make any sense that you could just slam your foot. Because also the way they're doing it, the monks, they're kicking up. They're kicking up. So I think they're just slamming their shin in step into the taint. It's not really the balls.

You front kick that monk in the balls, just front snap. He would fall down dead. He'd be like, ah, what happened? I thought you had iron balls. Nobody has iron balls. Nobody has iron eyeballs either. The problem with eyeballs is, yeah, these guys. Yeah, see how he's doing that? He's getting kicked in the taint. His balls, I can even see the way his sack has pulled up. See that little thing that he's got on there? But still he's right. Yeah. He probably has little balls too, unfortunately.

It's stupid. Either way, that's stupid. If that was the only way, like if you could train that way, you know, like a lot of the Thais, they kick banana trees and kick sandbags. You know, we have a sandbag out there. It's so brutal to kick. But if you do that enough, you'll develop those micro fractures on your shins, and it'll make your shins much tougher. You can't make your balls tougher. You can't make your balls tougher. Yeah, I think there is no... This guy just punched himself in the dick.

This is so ridiculous. This is so ridiculous. Oh, no. Fuck, man. Oh, no. Don't do it. Oh, God. He's getting slammed in the nuts by a log. These guys just hit each other in the balls. But, again, I think if you stepped to one of those guys and front snap kicked him right in the balls, then they'd fall down. This is stupid. Whatever. like a lot of masters of of a lot of masters of of these kung fu doing these weird stuff and all these things so there is a way to like about obsession of the of the martial arts of the doing something in in your life to the deepest level but still this is a fighting yeah about this about the win so I don't know if this will help you to really defeat the...

No. Especially this is just defense. Yeah. Okay, so you are prepared to defense your boss. So, man, really, think about it in real. Don't give it too much on these... this side of an art of the like just doing it's good to to know one thing one two right one two really really deeply so you can time that timing that in every situation to know how to what how to do this movement in every situation but these movements they're not an effective use of your time yes yeah it's not going to help you be a better fighter it's there's a lot of movements that are probably good for the development of your consciousness and they're probably good overall for your ability to be a better martial artist because they teach you certain movements which are almost like a form, like kata.

A lot of people talk about forms and they say it's a waste of time, but I think it's a moving meditation. I used to think it was a waste of time when I was a young man. When I got my black belt, I just learned the katas and then afterwards I'd forgotten them. I just learned them so that I could pass the next test.

And then once I knew all the forms and the kadas, I didn't care anymore. I just wanted to fight. But all these moves are written in your body. Maybe you don't realize that yet, but in the hardest situation, maybe one move will jump up and bomb. Because you've trained your system about those things. Like the Neo in the Matrix. I know the Kung Fu.

I know Kung Fu. Yeah, yeah. They think they're going to be able to do that now. I was just reading an article about that, and they were comparing it to Neo and the Matrix. They think they're going to be able to download skills into people's brains. Man, it's... Which sucks. But it sucks because I want them to learn the way you learned. I think, no, man, there is the ego, the force. The force. We will do that by, I will take it, and there it is. Dimitri. that's dimitri dimitri hey and instead of like to take a take a find a real snake and whatever i i i cannot describe describe on the snake so i know what you're saying like train those movements so when the punch comes you block you counter and then that it's in your mind you will take some information and by the force you will give it in in yourself yeah to I don't know which form you meant.

The way they're doing it? Let's Google that, because Jamie will find the article. Maybe like Elon Musk had that... Neuralink. Neuralink or something like that. I don't think it was that invasive. I think it was some other technology that they think they're going to be able to utilize. Scientists use matrix-style learning to write skills into human brains, see, non-invasively.

They don't have to inject anything, put a wire in your brain. Techniques use real-time brain imagery in neurofeedback. It bypasses learning processes that require effort, study, or practice. With our method, not only can we nudge complex patterns around in the brain towards known ones, but also for the first time, write directly a new pattern into the brain and measure what effect that has on a person's behavior, said Dr. Coraline Lorden, lead author of the study. and assistant professor of brain and cognitive sciences at the University of Rochester.

That's crazy. Okay. And this is the one side. The second side, how I'm taking that is about, right now I have no antenna. Right. But it's not just about the hair. It's about to be open, to be connected with the conversation. consciousness and there i don't know how it working but it's working to be just connected for all the information what's whatever happened and will happen is there in this moment right here right now and it's just about the state if you are if you can be really connect for that because i don't know where Many moves.

I didn't... Rehearse them. I didn't train. They just came out while you're fighting. And they just came out. And in the fighting, in the fight, and I don't know where, and I didn't train spinning elbow. Never. Really? Never, man. Really? I didn't train that. Never. That's crazy. And just follow... You just saw it. It was just there. I'm just following the flow, following the moment.

Because there is one elbow, okay, you have the, and it's going really slow. You have a second. Here it is. Yeah, you have the second elbow. We'll see it here. Use that. Boom, boom, bam. And between one and second one, there was a long conversation of you can do that. Try to do that. Okay, I don't believe that. No, do that, please. This was such a phenomenal exchange.

People love that antenna too. They love that crazy hair. Are you going to bring that back? I liked you like this. Yeah. Streamlined. The thing I'm worried about that antenna, like that could get caught in something. The what? It could get caught. Like if you're in a submission situation and you know how people grab shorts? I don't think anyone should wear shorts either. I think you should wear tights. Maybe I can grab it like in some choke. You could. Yeah, you could. You know what? You could and it would be legal. Dominic Reyes caught me in a guillotina.

I was there and I said, fuck, I have the hair, big fucking hair. I can't give the heads up. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. That was the problem. That's what I was saying. Yeah, I think shaved is better for you, but it looks cool. And that's what I'm saying. Right now, I feel like it's not about the hair. It's not about anything. It's just about... to say to to be there be here and now that's all that's yeah that's all what no bullshit just be in the moment especially right now in the moment you have all this momentum on your side because of that spectacular victory so you must be very energized right now you must be really feeling like you're on the right path yeah but still this is uh this state and this feeling have the two sides yeah so that's why i because i know how it is to be a champion how is this all these feeling and still how is what is the to not be the champion to really lost like a like a like a shit fell on the ground like a shit after and so I realized that it's about to be just here right now to be just here and now in this moment and show true yourself.

Right. Not playing, not... You don't do stupid shit. Don't do... Don't have the war hair, be angry, be... No. Just be. That's it. Show your true self. That's all. And that's what I like on the States, on America. Like, they... Everywhere, like, they are... are okay with that to show yourself true yourself and we in europe we have some special special thinking about america that it's like there is something something better than something better than uh everywhere and you and you here just uh pushing more to everyone to just live Through yourself.

And maybe I'm wrong. No, you're right. But freedom. This is freedom. Freedom. Fuck, man. Freedom allows you to be your best self. Yeah. And this is something what, man, what is for me so inspirational. Yeah. But still, it's a gift, a big gift, but a big, how to say, big weight. Yeah.

Yes. Big responsibility. Responsibility. Because if you don't know how to work with the gun, it can be dangerous. Right. Yeah. So. Right. Right. Right. Yeah. With great power comes great responsibility. Yeah. Where you sit right now at the top of the heap, like after Ankulaev, especially after that performance, it's very likely that either you or a lot of people are forgetting about.

Jan Bojovic. I always like to give him his props because Jan Bojovic is still one of the best fighters in the world. And I would like to see him get another shot because he's also 41 or 42, I think now. And, you know, he doesn't have much time left in his prime. And Jan has maintained, like, even at 40 years old, still doesn't show any signs of deterioration. That's right, man. When I thought about my next opponents, there was just, like, these guys.

Pereira, the Pereira's most, but let's see how the negotiations will be. Pereira, Ankalaev and maybe the Blachowicz. So these three guys I see still there I see the challenge. Yes. The challenge because I want to go somewhere where I will feel I can... Because every time when there is a challenge, there is a new you.

There is something new, what you need to overcome, what you need to rule, what you need to observe. Yes. They're the elite level of the game. Jan Bojovic, he's one of the, I think, the only guys to go the distance with Pereira other than Bruno Silva, right? Yeah, because he has the hands up. Also, that guy's made out of iron. going shin to shin with Ankalaev, and Ankalaev could barely walk.

Jan Bohovic is made out of rocks, man. That dude just... Man, I thought he won that fight, but... Very close. Very close fight, but you could definitely see giving it to Jan Bohovic. There's a lot of those fights. Here's another thing that I think should happen in the UFC. I think we need more than three judges. I don't even think that the judges... Some judges are very good. I think the judging in California was very good. I think overall, I think we need at least five judges.

I think three is too little. I think we need because there's too many times where two judges get it wrong and the crowd is like, what the fuck? I think if you had five judges, then you have two judges that would counterbalance that other and there'd be three, two in the right direction and you would get a good result. I think you're more likely to get a good result, an accurate result of what the fans and the experts see about the result of a fight than you would if there was only three judges. Or fighting to win. Yes, fighting to win. Well, that's the... I mean, what Gordon likes to do, Gordon Ryan likes to do is no time limit fights.

He does no time limit fights with no points. We're going to submission. This is what this game is about. It's a bit me strangling you. That's right. Yeah. Imagine that if they started doing the UFC like the old UFC. Like UFC 1, no rules. Maybe for somebody it will be a little bit like they will not like it because maybe sometimes it will be long. Maybe. So what? Yeah.

That's fighting. Yeah, that's fighting. People watch baseball. Yeah. No offense against baseball, but that shit's boring as fuck compared to fighting. You know what's my theory about that? So there is sports, a lot of sports. But the first one, first sport, first... First version of sports? First version of sport was like one man wants to overcome the second man. Yes. And it came from... DNA.

From DNA, from fight. From fight for this piece of... From being cavemen. Food. From eating, from food. Fighting predators. This is it. That's why it came from. And in the time, there was like, let's do another competition. Another competition. To not be... So violent. So violent. But to be honest, The realest one competition is the one man against the second man.

That's why that sport translates through all languages. It's the only sport that translates. Like cricket. Cricket is huge in other parts of the world. Nobody watches cricket in America. In other parts of the world, billions of people watch cricket. Nobody gives a fuck about cricket here. Put cricket on TV, no one's going to watch.

Well, that was the beauty of the first UFC. The first UFC was just wild. No weight classes, no real rules other than eye pokes. Joe Son was fighting Keith Hackney, and Keith Hackney was caught in a guillotine, and he's just punching Joe Son in the balls. It's a famous scene. Do you remember that? I remember watching that going, Oh, this is awful.

This is awful. There's another one in Brazil. Big Daddy Goodrich was fighting this guy named the Pedro. Look at this. Just pure nut shots. Just one after the other right to the balls. This is horrible to watch. Show me the monk training. But here's the thing. If he's wearing a cup, especially if he's wearing a Thai cup, a steel cup, which I also think should be illegal. I don't think you should have steel cups because steel cups act as a leverage point as well.

Well, you know, not only that, you could break your foot on it. It's an unnatural object. And then if you get someone in an arm bar with a steel cup, you could break it. It's like it's an extra leverage point. It's like bending a stick over a rock. Use it like a weapon. Yeah. And you, Kenny Florian used to always fight with a Thai steel cup. And he's like, I don't know why anybody would fight with anything else because it hurts them when they kick me. Yeah. Yeah. And it really is like a good leverage point. It's also good for the mount. If somebody mounts you, there was a guy that I used to train with, Amir Renovati. on top of you and mount you and drive his cup, drive his dick in your solar plexus and he'd want to tap.

It was horrible. But it was smart. I mean, if it's legal, it's a smart thing. Find a way between the laws. Imagine if nobody had cups, if cups were legal. There'd be so much more nut shots. You know? Maybe somebody will find a way how to jump with this cup to do a face. Like those guys? I don't think so. I don't think that's real. I don't think that would work.

But other than that, you know, the rules, they're pretty good. They're getting a little bit better. I'd like knees on the ground as well. Knees to the head. I don't think an opponent should be allowed to be in a turtle when your head is vulnerable. You have to move. You have to avoid those knees. Like before my last fight right now, the referee, sorry, I didn't, with the big mustache. Oh, Mike Beltran. Mike Beltran, yes. Sorry, Mike Beltran. Because he's a good guy.

And he tried to tell me how to, because I didn't know that. The change of the rules? The change of the rules. When the hand's down, when it's not the elbow, when the hand's down and you're staying and the legs and hands down, you can knee the opponent's hands still. So, man, that's... That's better. That's better, much better. Much better, because guys were gaming the system. They put a hand down so they couldn't get knee in the face. That's crazy.

That doesn't make any sense. You should not be doing that. Yeah, that's a good rule that they changed. Another rule is the 12-6 elbow. That should be legal too, and now that's legal again. That's the only reason for Jon Jones ever having a loss. So there's good movement on the rules. Ryzen allowed knees to the head to a grounded opponent and kicking. Did you get accustomed to that and have to get that out of your system when you came to the UFC? Is there any moments where you thought about throwing a soccer kick? No, I didn't have thought about that. when you are still, when you are in the control, in the fighting, what's the, I think, the biggest thing of the fighter in the fighting to stay in, in the control, so you know what to do, what can't to do, but there's a moment when you don't control yourself too much, so it's dangerous.

But in racing, I used that. I did that, like, I think twice, Yeah, it's very effective.

It should be allowed. I think it should be allowed. I think the only problem with soccer kicks is the cage. So the cage, if your head is right there and you get stomped, you can't move. So it's the unnatural barrier of the cage that's the problem. That's why I think basketball court. Yeah, matted down basketball court. Just two men in the center of it. Have a warning track where you go outside the warning track. Too many times you lose points because you're trying to avoid the fight.

Plenty of movement. Plenty of time to move. And if someone gets you down. I was just trying to imagine that. It's better. It's good. It's much better. It's better. Because you wouldn't be able to just stall the fight out by holding someone against the cage. Because sometimes when fighters are exhausted, they'll just clinch against the cage to try to catch their breath. That wouldn't be allowed. You couldn't do it. There would be no opportunity to do that. That's right. Also, if you got taken down, you'd have to get up with skill. You can't just use the cage to get up. It's very hard.

Islam on top of you, very hard to get up any other way than wall walking. Just right now, I'm thinking about it. I think about the, what's the name of the movie, Hunger Games. Yeah. Just to put somebody and somebody somewhere and they will find each other in the natural environment, environments, and they will fight together and everybody will watch that. Yeah. So give them weapons. Well, have you seen those? They do have, like, people, with armor on fighting sword fights now.

Crazy. Just a matter of time before they take that armor off. That's right. In some crazy country, some wilder country, million-dollar purse, you fight with swords. Then you're back to the Roman days, the Colosseum. Yeah, but still, how I see that, when we are going higher in understanding everything, we have to go, deeper in these raw things.

We want to see more raw because to be not... You understand me? Yes, I do, because the consequences are higher. You have to get more pure. So, balance. Did you ever read any Miyamoto Musashi? You know I read. Yeah, of course. I don't even have to ask. But the Book of Five Rings, he talks about that because Miyamoto Musashi was such a great source sword fighter, that he believed the only way to fight at your best is you have to be a balanced person, very balanced.

You have to be an artist. You have to be able to do calligraphy and write poetry. You can't just be aggression. You have to be completely balanced. And he believed in that so strongly and taught that so strongly in the Book of Five Rings that if you think about how he applied it to sword fighting, it makes sense. Everything what you're saying makes sense because you have to be completely pure when it's just, two men and swords yep you can't have any you can't let the ego get you on the wrong line because you're not just going to get punched in the face you're going to lose your head that's right yeah that's right there is no yeah no time and that's why that's why i don't like it there's no time for a talking there is no time for a bad word in your uh talk no time for a bad move in the fighting.

So your mind had to stay controlled, stay present and use do nothing what's not useful for this moment. Right now we are natural here. But when our life will these podcasts These talking, maybe when you will not talk everything honestly, it will cost you a life.

So we will pay attention of every hour of work. Because in that ages of Miyamoto Musashi, even the work can cost somebody's life. Yes. so that's why they were so precise in everything in every that's the japan every movement every even the even the teapot even the tea uh ritual is the is the is art so yeah so so that's why they was and still they are so precise in the thinking in uh expressing in expressing your true self, not just talking whatever, motherfucker, hey, how are you?

Hey, what's up? This is something that I don't like to America. Everybody asks you, hey, how are you? And they don't care about your answer. And I want to stay and, hey, I'm great. How are you today? don't care and it's going somewhere.

So why ask me, why are you doing this? It's a figure of speech, unfortunately. But still. It's a kind figure of speech. How are you doing? But it's not real. They don't really care what you're doing. They don't care how are you. It's Kaiser. Let's be real. But sometimes don't push it too much.

To the I'm important, every my word is important, every movement. So the true power is coming with lightness, to be lightness. And lightness is not to taking so much seriously and taking too much light. So taking like don't care about what I'm saying. So some still. Balance. Balance. It's just balance. and staying pure.

Is that what you're feeling when you stare your opponents down? Because one of the fights with Pereira and the fight with Jamal Hill, you just lock on your opponent and you stare. And is that what you're doing in that moment, just trying to be completely present, just empty yourself of all bullshit? Yeah, this is the moment before the fight. It's all about that.

There is no opponent. There is just this moment. I'm everywhere. You're everywhere. That's all. Ooh, I like it. I'm everywhere. Yeah, but this is not something what I'm telling you that because I want to be cool. No, no, no. I don't think you are. This is a real truth. Yeah. That's all. So now that you have this big victory, what happens next? Do you wait for the UFC to call you? for Ankaliev and Pereira to fight to see what happens next this is what I what I am right now not expecting what I want to see the fight if if the fight will happen because they are translating that so much this their fight so so let's see let's see who's the best and my attitude and now i know that how i what to do to not to get better to do a real serious preparation to get prepared for both of them doesn't matter who and be ready for for negotiation about about the next fight i want a title but i will let the life to give me who's before me right now Who's the challenge right now before me?

So it's just about whatever the challenge is, accept it, and then try to find your best self for this next performance as well. That's right. It's an exciting time for you, man. How old are you right now? 32. It's a perfect prime. That's in your prime. It's an exciting time. Are you enjoying this life? Yes, yes, yes, yes, enjoying. for like for these questions so i didn't thought about that long time but yes since i decide i want to go this way of the of the warrior of a true man to to to feel the true power and take it to our to my life and live with that not just to feel that and go away but to to keep it in a daily life.

Yes. Yes, I'm enjoying that. And I don't know who said that. Watch yourself like an art, like a David you are. Right, you're making a masterpiece. Make a masterpiece from your life. And that's what I like to do in my meditations. to take a step up, watch yourself, watch where you're going, who you spend time with, where is your daily, what's your daily routines, how it makes it better, and then go into the deepest level of the present moment and live that and stay with these, ideas what you what you are connected with yes so yes you ask me yes I live that but I didn't in the time right now I can I can say it right now I didn't expect it will cost you everything like it will cost you your old personality and you will reborn like a new personality But still, I know somebody, my spirit, whoever, choose that because I know this is the way.

One of the things that I have to talk to you about was in the Alex Pereira fight, you thought that they were using some magic spirits. Black magic, yeah. Black magic. Yeah. Why did you think that? You know, okay, I will take it from another start. Okay.

When I'm doing something, I'm doing that like I'm extreme in everything what I'm doing. So I want to go to the bottom, to the bottom of the, to the start where the source of that, where it's going. And the source of the spiritual world of that question, what is the spiritual world? where the source is, if there is some weapons, how they use that in the cage.

And I went in that so deep, so I got lost, really. So I had no other chance just to totally Close these doors.

Just believe that I am who I am. Who to believe just for ideas which I started with, like the martial arts and all these things, and just be in the gym and train. Don't do another of these bullshit because with Pereira, really get lost and I started to believe to another people to not just myself and This is something this is the this is the way to the hell to when you start stop believing yourself your true yourself and when you start believing some spiritual guys who's trying to protect you or giving you something and trying to lead you and they know what's the best for you and that was my biggest school in this life I think to so yeah that was my like last preparation to just believe in myself go to the gym and train do a good camp do a camp what was the first your biggest inspiration so in Japan I made a camp in japan then i made in high altitude training in mexico then i went back to my city bruno for my guys for my team and we made a solid good camp hard camp and the last fight i'm happy that happy what is it about getting down to the source that made you think he was using black magic yeah it's every time a big no big difference experience I said that that word big power when you are responsibility it's big responsibility not just big responsibility we are we are I want to speak right now so I don't I don't want to speak about that fully because still it is it is something what I am humble for and I can say this is it.

This is it. Yeah, too. Because everyone, everyone has has their own way. And nobody is like even me prepared for saying something what what can be for somebody like take it seriously.

You know, maybe, man, again, I get lost in that. So the thing is, I just started to believe. I will not speak about where is the magic, how to use the magic. But you believed that there was magic working against you. Man, and that was the biggest power for my opponent because I was focused for him, not for me.

And that's where the black magic lies. Because it gets you outside of your own head. But is that black magic or is that just his presence as a champion? Because the aura of a fighter is a weapon. Israel Adesanya when he was in his prime had that. Mike Tyson in his prime had that. Anderson Silva had that. There's an aura that champions have when they're in their prime that makes you think about them instead of yourself. And it probably seems like black magic. Yeah, but still.

This is the, just for me, is the pure self-confidence. And to be pure self-confident, you can't think about your opponent. And that was something that I made. That was something that I really went to another level. Yeah. Yeah. So when you look at yourself now and this amazing performance against Jamal, hill do you are you imagining yourself even better are you constantly imagining yourself even more precise even more accurate even more effective yeah yeah sure but right now I'm more in reality about that not not just in not just in imagination I want to see that in video I want to be real I want to see the work the all these things real not just think like still think about I can be better I can do this but I know I want to do I want to be a champion and I'm going for it and I want to show that to everyone that's all and I will show that and then then we can speak about about the black magic No, because...

So right now you don't even want to concentrate on the idea of that. Yeah. And to protect yourself from that, you just don't think about it and be in your own mind. It's all about that. Yeah. It's all about that because, like I said, the mind is a big, great to serve, but the bad is the boss. Yeah. So that's why. It can run away from you. Yeah.

That's why I had to go back to Japan, where my old belief started to go really deep, because there I started to be, I don't know how to say, not just inspired, but to live it, really live it, without anything.

So in managing your mind, I'm sure one of the most important things is to not have a lot of negative influences, not have a lot of negative thoughts. Do you spend any time on social media when you're in camp? Yeah, but I'm doing just some posts and that's all. Yeah, just post and post. Just post and post, yeah. That's it. That's how to do it. few of my friends, and that's all.

No reading comments, no reading anything, because I'm here to, right now, I'm here to show you my way of the martial arts, of my way to the strength, where I still feel the way. And this is it. What is the days that you spend in darkness and silence? What does that do for you? still it's about explore your mind keep your mind disciplined keep your thoughts on the ground uh observe them it's all about the mind and and then about the training because i trained there too in that dark you mean that dark room and yeah yeah so meditation observing mind follow follow your and find the best of what you can achieve in this life, if you can, if you want, really.

And this is the question what everybody has to answer to ourselves. Which life we want to live? Which thoughts is the... useful which not, which I need to let go and which I want to keep in my life.

And so it's just a deep exploration of your own mind. Yes, maybe because there is a lot of levels like imagination, life dreams, all these things, because after three days, there is an opening, the third eye is opening, and you can see truly who you are, and maybe sometimes somebody needs more days without food, so it's going to be, then without food, it's going to be more intensive.

Everything's going much faster.

So, yeah. So when you started doing this, you do no food? Do you just drink water when you're in there? Yeah. And to understand me, all these things I'm doing because I really decide to use everything like a weapon in a fighting to use my mind, use my visualization, use everything.

That's why I went to do this trip of the spirituality so deep because I thought there will be some special weapons what I can use in the fighting. And the biggest special weapon is to be yourself, the realest yourself. That's all. That's the key. That's the key. Yeah. Well, listen, brother.

I love watching you fight. I really enjoyed talking to you. I wish you nothing but success, and I can't wait to see you get after it again. And I'm very happy for you and your improvement. Your last fight was incredible. And thank you for everything. Thank you. Thank you, too. Tell everybody, do you have a website? Do you have a website online? What is your website? I have just a brand. You mean like Do you have a website or do you just have social media? Oh, social media. Yeah, sure. Social media, just Instagram.

Yuri Prochaska. Yuri, Yuri Prochaska, yes. Instagram, Twitter too. Twitter is Yuri BJP. There it is. Yep. That's it. What does BJP stand for? Wow, man. This is... What I came from, the stand, that's young Yuri. Not young Yuri. true Yuri who's but UFC don't like that because I'm trying to tell them like this is the best Yuri Prochaska but in the real is in Czech is a Bombiak Pica and that mean like bombs as fuck so because yeah that's it that's it so it's bomb as fuck Yuri Prochaska that's right that's it that's right beautiful yeah for our biggest strength.

That's all. Yes, sir. All right. Thank you, brother. This was awesome. Thank you. Really appreciate you. Thank you very much. All right. Bye, everybody.