 Doesn't it feel like every time you step out the door, you have to pay a fee?
I mean, it is nuts.
I've been traveling a lot for the holidays and the amount of fees I pay just to get from point A to point B, it is mind boggling.
And it makes it really hard to stick with my spending plan.
When we're trying to make progress, life's curveballs often feel like taking one step forward and two steps back.
 A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee-free overdraft up to $200, or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit.
Learn more at Chime.com slash helpwanted.
And once you go to Chime.com slash helpwanted, you'll learn more about the fee-free overdraft up to $200.
And let me tell you, that is such a game changer.
Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime.
 Open your account in two minutes at chime.com slash helpwanted.
That's chime.com slash helpwanted.
Chime feels like progress.
Banking services and debit card provided by the BankCorp Bank N.A.
or Stride Bank N.A.
Members FDIC.
SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply.
Boosts are available to eligible Chime members enrolled in SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits.
Timing depends on submission of payment file.
Fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.
 This is Help Wanted, the show that makes your work work for you.
I'm Jason Pfeiffer, Editor-in-Chief of Entrepreneur Magazine.
 And I'm money expert, Nicole Lappin.
On Tuesdays, Jason and I answer the helpline and help callers solve their work problems.
And on Thursdays, I give you one way to improve your work and build a career or company you love.
And it starts now.
Okay, Taryn, I want you to think back to the last time that you met someone in some professional capacity, but really connected.
And you were like, I would like to
 Spend some more time with this person.
I think that they could become like a good work friend kind of person.
So think about that.
Do you have someone in mind?
I do.
Okay.
When did you last see them?
So ironically, last night.
Ah, okay, great.
Perfect.
Very fresh.
When are you going to see them next?
Okay.
 Probably not for another 10 years.
Because that is the amount of space between the last time I met with this person.
Yeah, okay.
And last night.
Perfect, perfect.
We have highlighted the thing that I wanna talk about today, which is cadence of seeing people.
 Because I do not know the appropriate amount of time that is supposed to pass between seeing people.
And we're going to dig into this on this episode.
I'm very excited.
But first, Taryn, let us acknowledge your name is Taryn, which is to say that your name is not Nicole Lappin.
You were not my usual co-host here.
My usual co-host, our mutual friend, Nicole Lappin, is on maternity leave.
But you will be familiar to Help Wanted listeners because you were on last week.
Taryn Southern.
 whose resume is far too long for me to summarize.
So let's just say storyteller and AI strategist.
It is great to have you back on the show.
It's so good to be here.
I love listening to you and Nicole.
And so to get to fill her seat, it's a big seat.
It is a very, very big seat.
Well, you have handled it ably so far and I'm excited to do so again.
Okay.
I'm excited to dig into this with you because you, like me,
 like many people who listen to the show, we meet a lot of people, right?
We meet a lot of people.
And we also live in a world that experts keep telling us is lonely, right?
Oh, there's loneliness epidemic.
And I feel it.
Do you feel it?
Do you feel like isolated?
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
It's only increased the past couple of years.
Yeah, totally.
And for all sorts of reasons, whatever, we don't have to dig into that now.
But
 I have really struggled with this question of when I connect with someone, when I'm supposed to see them next, such that an actual relationship can be built.
So can I tell you a story of when this most recently happened to me?
And we're going to unpack this together.
Please, let's do it.
Okay.
All right.
So here's the saga.
 I will not use this person's name because I don't want to possibly embarrass them.
I don't know.
This is really more of an embarrassing story for me, I think, because I've overthought this.
But let's just say we're just going to give her a name.
Her name is Susan.
That's not a real name.
Susan is the CEO of a company that you have heard of.
I guarantee it.
You've heard of it.
 I got a DM from Susan on LinkedIn, and it was just like, hey, I love your work.
You're just doing great stuff.
And I said, thank you.
That's awesome hearing from you because I know who you are.
And then that was that.
And then some amount of time passed.
That was a couple of months ago.
And then Susan sent me a DM and said, hey, I'm putting together a dinner of some interesting people, and I would love for you to come to that dinner.
And I replied, and I was like, oh, it kills me to say this, but I cannot do that tonight.
I have some family obligation.
 And she said, oh, no problem.
Well, do you want to get lunch?
I could do lunch like the next day.
And I said, yeah, I'd love to get lunch.
And so we got lunch and it was great.
Susan is wonderful.
Super smart.
Felt like we had a lot to talk about.
Like it just felt like that, you know, that magic thing, Taryn, you know, like, you know, when you when you meet someone, you're like, this person could be a friend.
 You know, it's like, I felt that way about you, Jason.
The first time we chatted about you too.
There's a kindred spirit.
And here we are making a podcast.
This is lovely.
But also actually, this is true for you too, though, right?
Which is that we connected a long time ago and like half, if not a full year would go by between the times in which we interact.
So, okay.
So Susan and I have lunch and it's great.
And at the
 And Susan was like, there was something that came up and she's like, well, we'll have to talk about that next time.
And I was like, yeah, that'd be great.
Let's make it next time.
And then I texted her to just say, great meeting, so fun.
And she said, yes, can't wait to continue the conversation.
I want to highlight that.
Can't wait to continue the conversation.
 And then maybe two weeks later, she sent out, because this corresponded with the new year, she sent out this nice message to all of her contacts.
It was just a general message.
And I replied with, you know, it was so nice that you said that thing and it made me think of this.
And she replied again.
She was like...
 We should talk about that when we get together next.
And so now there have been a couple of times where she's like, we should get together next.
And I would like to get together next.
But here's the thing, Taryn.
I don't know when it's appropriate to suggest getting together next.
Like she has said it twice.
She said it twice.
But does that mean that I could be like, we got together, we had lunch in December.
We had lunch in December.
Is it appropriate to say, let's get together next?
 In January?
Is that too much?
February?
Do I kick it to March?
At what point?
And this is really struggling.
I'm struggling with this because when we were in our 20s, you would meet someone and then you'd be like, let's hang out in four hours again.
We'll just keep hanging out.
Let's start moving in with people.
And as you get older and people are busier,
 There's this strange tension between, I think, everyone's lonely and everyone feels some kind of sense of disconnect.
And Susan and I talked about that exact thing.
And yet, I don't know that anyone knows when it is appropriate to see a person again.
But if you don't see them often enough, you can't build a real relationship.
You don't have the cadence.
You forget what you talked about last time.
You forget...
 when last time even was, and then you just never see them.
And this has happened to me so often where I have a great time with someone and then I don't know when I'm supposed to follow up.
So I don't follow up.
And then like years go by.
And that is probably exactly how you didn't see that person that you were thinking of for 10 years.
Taryn, what am I supposed to do?
 Oh, my gosh.
I have so many thoughts here.
It's such a simple question with so much subtle nuance.
And, you know, I think you hit the nail on the head.
For one thing, we're not in our 20s anymore.
So we're at a different period in our life.
And that means a lot of different variables.
And even when we talk about things like appropriateness, every person has a different perspective.
 And we don't know what the nuances of that partnership are and what that partnership feels is appropriate in terms of business and friendships with the opposite sex, which in this case, it sounds like it's an opposite sex person.
You know, there's also just how much time and energy you have to actually devote to developing out these new friendships.
 There's, you know, do you have the desire to physically get together with someone frequently?
And it sounds like you do, actually.
A lot of us who went through COVID kind of came out of it and said, I'm more introverted than I thought.
I'm less interested in maintaining these constant relationships.
And I'd rather focus on quality versus quantity.
And I will say I would trust a little bit more in the connection that you have with her in that, you know, you and I went really deep
 When we have, you know, when we've checked in and it's like, even if you don't remember the contents exactly, you walk away with a sense of kinship with that person.
So I would definitely trust in that.
But if you have the desire,
 have these deeper friendships and to maintain more of a cadence.
I think it's absolutely appropriate.
I would say the ball's in your court because she invited you to lunch last time.
And so it's really kind of on you to create the next invitation.
Otherwise, I think she will feel like she's being a little aggressive.
 Right, right, right.
And she's like signaled it a couple of times.
So no, that's totally true.
And I do feel like the ball's in my court.
And the thing is that I don't know when I'm supposed to play the ball.
So let's say that, imagine that you're Susan.
Imagine that you're Susan and everything that I just told you happened.
And you and I got lunch for the first time we just met in December.
And now it's January.
So it's been about a month.
And I say, hey, we should...
 We should continue the conversation.
Do you have time in February?
Taryn, do you think, oh, that is a very nice invitation?
Or do you think, no, no, no, guy, way too soon?
It totally depends.
I don't think I would feel like it's way too soon if I really felt that there was a burgeoning friendship and possibly some professional synergies as well.
 or either of those things.
I do think generally speaking that as adults, we don't tend to get together with even our closest friends nearly as frequently as we used to.
So oddly enough, I do remember, or at least it's interesting when people follow up frequently now because it's very rare.
And so I think there's nothing wrong with it.
I don't think it's inappropriate.
 personally.
Oh yeah.
But I do think it, I do think it will stand out in her mind as, Oh wow.
You know, he's, he's really engaged in this friendship more than the average person.
I mean, I think to be honest, I actually think focusing or thinking too hard about what social norms here is actually the wrong way to be thinking about it because screw the social norms, like do you and do what feels authentic to you because that's you actually living the life that you want to create.
And if someone
 has a misperception about your friendliness or your eagerness to be friends, eh, like then they're probably not going to be a good friend to you anyway, right?
Yeah, I guess that's true.
I guess that's true.
Or what would be your big fear?
Is there a fear here that's sitting underneath this?
Well, the fear is just being weird.
But again, like if someone misperceives your desire to hang out more as you being weird, that's a them problem.
 That's not a you problem.
I guess that's true unless there's some rule that I'm just not aware of.
But I think that we've established at the very least that there's not a rule that we're not aware of.
I want to go back to something that you had mentioned about people discovering whether or not they were actually more introverted than they thought.
I am the opposite.
I am craving, craving connection with other people.
And I
 I have this goal that I've talked about on the show before.
My goal is to structure my professional life such that I feel good about leaving the computer and getting coffee with someone for an hour and a half every day.
That's my goal.
Thank you.
I'm not anywhere near it right now.
 Given our conversation going into the podcast, I would say you have a few things to crop up on your list.
Yes, that's right.
Just before recording this, I was regaling you with boring talk about how busy I am.
But so I am not there.
I really aspire to be there.
You know, I hadn't thought about this, but when I was talking with Susan, I...
 said some version of that.
And she said that she also is trying to find more time to connect with people.
And it's interesting because that I am now realizing, as I'm saying it out loud, sharing that piece of information with someone who I am connecting with
 seeing how they respond to it is a good indicator perhaps of what my next move should be, because that will tell me if they are more introverted, more extroverted, more hungry for this, more not.
And so in a way I'd like, it's like, it's like you're, are you familiar with the Jewish world, the concept of bageling?
No.
No.
 I learned this from- What is bageling?
I learned this from- I know a lot of things about Jewish culture.
That is not one of them.
You're about to learn one more.
I actually only learned this a couple of years ago.
So bageling is when you meet someone and you're not sure, if you're Jewish, you meet someone and you're not sure if they're Jewish too, and you don't want to just come out and ask them.
So you start to just drop in little references to see if they pick it up and if they say something that would indicate that they're Jewish.
And that is called bageling.
Yeah.
 Also known as fishing.
Also known as fishing, but it's more fun when it's bagels.
More fun with bageling.
Yeah, because it's a hyper-specific kind of fishing, right?
Yeah.
So this could be telling someone something like...
 you know, I have been trying to like get out and see people more is in a way a kind of social fishing.
It's a social bageling.
It's a 100%.
It's a it's a it's a it's a it's a coffeeing.
I don't know some other verb.
So that's interesting.
I hadn't thought about that.
So maybe you just have your set questions, your bageling questions for when you go into these interactions and use that to determine you can almost use a scoring system.
 Yeah.
Oh, that's a good idea.
I like that.
How amenable and interested is this individual in developing a deeper friendship?
How many points on the bagel scale equals how many months have to pass before I follow up with them again?
 Let me flip this on you because I want to hear you engage with a couple of the things that you had thrown out.
So let's start with why has it been 10 years since you saw that person who you just caught up with, who you clearly would like to spend more time with, but you have not?
Yeah.
Great guy.
Met probably 15 years ago in also a different professional context when I was working in entertainment.
He's still in entertainment and have kept in touch, but only via social media.
Last time I saw him was 10 years ago in London.
 Now, he lived in London.
Well, that's a good reason to- He's got a family.
Yeah.
And he recently moved back to LA three years ago.
Three years ago, moved back to LA.
But there's been this kind of attempt to get together.
And I think he initiated it and to just catch up and reconnect.
And I had such a great experience with him whenever it was 10, 12 years ago, meeting in person in London.
 And we just picked right back up where we left off.
But there was really no rhyme or reason why it took that long.
I mean, I've had many business trips to London.
I haven't pinged him to say, let's get together.
So I would say each situation is so different, but I definitely fall in the camp of people who've become more introverted.
I used to be a crazy extrovert in my 20s.
Every single evening I had
 drinks or a dinner.
I loved being out and about and socializing.
And I don't know what happened to me, but over the past handful of years, I've just become far more introverted.
I think I am just constantly seeing the cost curve of having to put on clothes, get in my car, drive somewhere,
 potentially, you know, deal with like a loud restaurant or, you know, blaring light.
Like, I'm so sensitive to all of these things.
I'm like an elderly woman now.
That's what it sounds like.
I love getting together with people one on one.
 Love it.
I love going to art like homes where it's comfortable.
I think for me, it's actually just more bracing myself for external elements.
That makes me feel nervous.
So, so you're not, it's not that you're introverted, right?
It's just that you don't want the schlep of it.
 I don't want to schlep.
I don't like large group gatherings where everyone's kind of having superficial chit chat.
I like to go deep with people.
I like to be able to hear people.
Because you're an elderly person now.
I'm an elderly person.
You're hard of hearing.
Someone just asked me if I wanted to do dinner.
This is another one of those examples.
And they offered up an 8 p.m.
time slot.
And I felt an instant panic.
Instant panic.
Because I like to eat at 6 p.m.
 And then I thought, but is it super rude of me to ask for two hours earlier of a time slot because of my anxiety about this?
But that's how I would, you know, I would do more of these things if I felt like the requests weren't so taxing on my physical body.
 Huh?
Oh wait, did you ask for the 6 PM?
What'd you do?
I, I did.
I sent back a funny meme that said, it was a meme from someone else that said, someone just invited me to dinner at 8 PM.
What's wrong with you?
Are you like, do you, something about like, am I on cocaine?
Are you on cocaine?
Yeah.
So funny.
And they, they got the joke.
They acquiesced.
You went, you went.
They acquiesced.
They said 6 PM.
Right.
So, so, so yeah, you, you, you got the senior discount.
 Stick around.
Help Wanted will be right back.
Welcome back to Help Wanted.
Let's get to it.
Okay.
You just saw this guy again after 10 years.
Did either of you follow up and were like, that was great.
We should do that again.
Yeah.
He sent a really nice message after.
I mean, he was the one that asked for the catch up.
He sent a very nice message after.
 And I think we'll probably be in more touch, but I doubt we'll hang out.
Because you're not going to make the effort.
I would invite him to a housewarming or to a group thing anytime.
But I think the reality is that... You would invite him to the thing that you just said you don't like.
That's what you just told me.
 You're like, yeah, I hate group gatherings.
So I guess if I was involved in a group gathering that I hate being a part of, I guess I would invite him.
That's what I just heard.
No, I would hang out with him again.
But I think there's people in different life cycles, right?
I don't have a family and children at this stage.
So I'm obviously going to spend more time in friendships with people in that same space.
But of course, I have friends that have families and children.
I have noted that it's more challenging.
 to maintain those friendships, right?
So I would guess that that's a reason why also we are in different professional spaces now.
Yeah.
That makes sense.
That makes sense.
We did connect on a personal level.
It wasn't a lot of work talk.
So, you know.
Right.
Yeah.
Well, that's great.
So that almost feels like programmed into that
 that relationship, such as it is, is a larger gap in time.
The place where I get hung up on, and there are lots of people who I meet who are like that, who I had a perfectly nice time with, and I think it's fine if the next time I see them is three years from now.
The reason why Susan
 is different to me and falls into a different category of which there are many other people is that it just seems like, oh, you know, if I spent more time with this person, I think that they would become like a bigger friend.
Here's a version.
Here's a version of this, which is, I'll just use his name.
Why not?
So maybe a year and a half ago or so, I got an email out of absolutely nowhere from
 from Everett Taylor.
So Everett Taylor is the CEO of Kickstarter.
And he was like, well, you want to get coffee?
And I, because I work at Entrepreneur, I have this expectation that people just want to talk to me because they want to get press.
And, but I thought, well, he seems cool.
And so even though I'm going to have to do the annoying thing where I like navigate somebody's desire to get press, I'll go get coffee with him.
 So we sit down.
It turns out he doesn't want press at all.
And he was really explicit about that.
He's like, I don't want anything from you.
I just like your work.
And I just thought you'd be cool.
And so we end up having this great conversation where we end up being just super candid with each other about what we're doing in our careers, what we're thinking, and what we want to do next.
And I just really liked him.
And afterwards, we were like, we should definitely do this again.
And I cannot remember who it was, but I'm going to give him the credit.
I think that maybe...
 Maybe like two months later, he texted me.
He was like, you want to get together again?
And I said, yeah.
And then we did that a couple times.
And I would say because we did it a couple times,
 with a regular enough cadence, I now think of him as like a real friend, right?
It's like, you can't keep that up forever.
We're busy.
He's especially busy.
I mean, he's running Kickstarter.
He's flying around the world like all the time.
But now there are these opportunities or these moments where it's like, hey, oh, I'm doing this thing.
I should totally invite Everett.
Or, you know, like, I'll check in with Everett.
And I don't think that we would have the friendship that we had had we not...
 met a few times close enough together that it felt like one continuous conversation.
It's almost like onboarding a friend.
That's what it is.
It's like onboarding a friend, right?
You've got to get to some kind of level of familiarity.
And that's where it's interesting where like I would meet people.
I meet people occasionally.
Susan is one of them where I feel like it
 With the right cadence here, I think I could onboard a friend.
But then I get concerned that I'm seeming too weird or pushy or needy or something, and then I don't know what to do.
No, I don't think you are at all.
And I did have a thought, well, as we've been talking this out, obviously I'm making sort of real-time changes to my own thinking here.
That is the only way I operate.
 You know, there's a couple of women who have recently come in my life who I very quickly onboarded as a dear friend.
And there's like this very fast cadence of hanging out.
And I think it's a little bit easier when it's same sex, in part because of some of these peculiarities.
Like one of these women, you know, we go to the same gym.
So it's like, do you want to sauna together?
Right.
Like I couldn't do that with...
 It would feel like a very different invitation.
It would definitely be creepy.
It would definitely be weird.
So there's just by its very nature, it's been easier to onboard quickly, I think for me, female friends than male friends.
And then also to some degree, I always feel a little bit concerned that maybe their partner, you know, the male person's partner will feel it's inappropriate for me to have a friendship with them.
So I'm just a bit like out of respect.
I'm almost like I kind of wait for them to do.
 Oh, that's something about it because I never know.
Have you had that experience?
I mean, not that I'm aware of, but, but I mean, that to me was really interesting because you're highlighting a thing that would have otherwise been invisible to me.
Right.
So let's say I meet some interesting person who I would want to onboard as a friend.
I like this phrase onboarding as a friend and it's a woman.
And let's say that she's married.
I'm married.
 Whatever, I just like a new friend, interesting friend.
I don't care if they're male or female.
But what I might not be aware of is what her relationship is with her husband.
And I mean, I have to be honest, I have not thought about this in part because it seems a little ludicrous to me, but maybe it's not.
It seems a little ludicrous to me if a person, if a man or a woman is a professional, that their partner would,
 Would like get weird about Oh, Jason How long have you been married?
We got married in 2011 Okay, so you've been and how long have you been together?
 We met in 2009.
This has been a while.
Okay, so it's been a long time.
Yeah.
I am like you.
I mean, I like to be in partnerships where I can maintain friendships with other people of the opposite sex, and it's not an issue.
And I'm very supportive of my partners doing the same.
It's not an issue.
But I...
 With my group of girlfriends.
Yeah.
I've seen this happen so many times.
Oh, my God.
Tell me about this.
Deep upset, deep upset about the maintenance of some kind of, you know, new friendship, quasi professional friendship with a person from the opposite sex, sometimes coming from the woman, sometimes coming from their male partner.
 All it takes is one person to have had a traumatic experience, to have been cheated on in this way, or went on to have this kind of trigger around it.
I think it's actually fairly common.
That's interesting, because to me, it's so sterile, right?
Like, we'll just use Susan again.
Like, Susan and I had lunch in a public space, and the next time I see her, we'll be in a public space.
And I think that's actually more accepted.
But let's say it was a dinner.
Right.
Do you feel...
 like that would change the dynamic at all?
Or maybe put that question mark in your head?
No, because I have dinner with people.
Well, I don't... For me, dinner is complicated because I have kids.
So because I have kids, that means that I've got to schedule that I am out for dinner with my wife, who then has to watch the kids.
So dinner has to... Dinner can't be casual for me in the way that lunch can be casual.
Lunch is like, whatever...
 I'll book, if I could get to the point where I would feel comfortable walking away for an hour and a half every day, then I could book lunch every day.
And it's, who cares, right?
Like dinner is just more complicated because I've got to like create it and schedule it, which means that to me, dinner has to be, there has to be a reason to get dinner in a way in which I like, doesn't really have to be a reason to get lunch, but it doesn't feel more, it doesn't feel more intimate.
No, it just feels more complicated.
And so I default to lunch.
 This is an interesting poll for your audience.
I would actually love to hear what they say if they feel like a dinner with the opposite sex triggers some kind of inappropriateness in their mind.
I have no idea where people would net out on this.
I'm sure also in your 20s, you know, people are going to have more of these kinds of interpersonal dynamics as you get older and a little bit more settled than yourself.
Right, right, right, right.
I do not know.
 Can you just take me into this for one more second here because I hadn't really thought about this.
All right.
So what are the conversations that are happening among your female friends as it relates to this?
Let's say their partners have developed some kind of friendship.
Let's just say a work-related friendship.
What are they sniffing around?
What's too much for them?
When does it trigger something?
What's going on?
 I can't think of a specific example off the top of my head.
Actually, I can't think of one.
OK, great.
I want the dirt.
All right.
So this was a girlfriend of mine and her boyfriend was had a lot of different female friends.
And I mean, I think she pretty much felt uncomfortable about all of them, to be honest.
 I would frequently have to talk her down off of a ledge around his activities, whether they be dinners or lunches or whatever they were.
I think she felt like if she was not invited to participate, then she felt that it was inappropriate.
Was she not invited or was she excluded?
What's the difference?
I would not think to invite my wife to a business lunch because...
 Why would I do that?
She doesn't want to be there.
She has other things to do.
But if she, for some reason, wanted, if I told her, oh, I'm having lunch with Susan today, and she's like, Susan, I love that company.
I'd love to meet her.
Then if I said, no, no, no, you're not allowed, that's excluding her.
Instead, I'd say, sure, come.
I think they would get along.
I think my wife would like Susan.
Susan would like my wife.
So to me, it's like, I don't invite my wife
 to professional things of mine all the time because there's no reason to.
She works in a different industry.
There's no reason for her to be interested and she's not interested.
She would far rather work on her own stuff, but I'm not excluding her.
If she wants to be involved, she certainly could be.
Sure.
Okay.
That's a helpful distinction.
I think in this case, she wasn't being invited, but then there was this negative feedback loop where he was starting to feel like...
 A little bit claustrophobic from the constant questioning and then wanted to exclude her.
So I don't really know.
I'm not in the dynamics of that relationship.
But also, I think similar to how you were talking about how many of these professional invites actually turn into deeper personal friendships, like you're not necessarily talking about work that you're going to do together.
 you have this kind of kinship and being in the same space and talking through challenges and whatever the thing may be.
It ends up being personal.
Yeah.
I, I don't know.
I feel like, I feel like people are,
 People are really missing out if they're creating these limitations for themselves.
I mean, look, here we are.
It's a perfect example, I feel like, in a way.
So you and I are talking right now.
And the reason we're talking is because we're on this podcast that Nicole and I have created.
And the only reason that this exists is because many, many years ago, Nicole and I were introduced by a mutual friend and did...
 I had her on like a video that we did for Entrepreneur.
And then a little later, we were both speaking at the same event.
And then we started talking and texting.
And she's like, hey, do you want to make a podcast?
And the next thing you know, I have developed a good personal and professional relationship with Nicole.
 Now, throughout all of this, I've known my wife longer than I've known Nicole.
So like my wife, I was married to Jen.
Jen doesn't care.
Jen never questioned this at all.
And I'm very glad for that because the result of it is that Nicole and I developed a great personal and professional relationship.
We built things, like this show, and none of that would be possible if I didn't have the space to just create...
 kind of fusion, personal, professional relationships.
And at the time, Nicole was single and I was married with kids.
And like the idea that this was inappropriate, it certainly never crossed my mind.
I presume it never crossed Nicole's mind.
It did not cross my wife's mind.
My wife doesn't care.
And so, you know, actually, in fact, like Nicole...
 Nicole introduced the phrase, she started using it on the show, which was that I was her work husband.
And so then I was like, well, you're my work wife.
And just recently, who was it?
It was Jen's parents.
Jen is my wife.
We were just at Jen's parents' house and...
 the podcast came up or something.
And Jen's mom was like, what is it?
What do you call Nicole?
Your what wife?
And I was like, your work wife.
And Jen's mom said to Jen, she's like, what do you think of that?
And Jen was like, I don't care.
That's a very common term.
And I was like, yeah, it's a very common term.
Like it's not, this is not a big deal.
So anyway, the point of this is that
 is that none of this would happen, which has all been very enriching, if there was weirdness and suspicion, which just seems crazy.
Of course.
Jason, the reality is...
 not everyone in this world is healed and is coming into relationships with their baggage and their stuff.
And you are a secure person with a secure attachment.
And some people do not have that.
And, but, you know, which is unfortunate, but I think maybe I'm just aware of it because of the things that I've been exposed to.
One of the things that I do do, if I know that someone has a partner just out the gate, oftentimes if it's a first or second time hanging out, I'll say, feel free to join, bring your partner.
 Because then it just immediately neutralizes.
If there is a situation ship over there that's complicated, it kind of neutralizes that and invites them to set the rules.
That's a good point.
Okay.
I think that we've turned this rock over many times.
Here's my final question to you.
Okay.
We have had this conversation.
It is going to be published as a podcast.
Yeah.
Yeah.
 Should I send the podcast link to Susan as the way of saying, look, I have no idea when it is appropriate to say, let's get together again, but it seems about time.
And I had a funny conversation about it on the podcast.
So you can hear me turn this over if you'd like, but also you want to get lunch in February.
Is that appropriate or is that weird?
I say roll the dice, Jason.
Say go for it.
See what happens.
Yeah.
I mean, this would go back to your earlier thing of like, well...
 If they don't want to get together quick enough, then they're not your kind of people anyway.
So maybe I define that.
You know what Brene Brown would say about this?
I have absolutely no idea.
Be open, be vulnerable, lead with authenticity.
And the people who love that about you, they will respond in kind.
If it blows up in my face, can I blame you?
 Sure.
It's fine.
I'm happy to be the scapegoat.
Okay, great.
All right.
Well, you may be getting a call from Susan.
Terrence, it's been a delight taping another episode of Hot Water with you.
Oh, you're a delight.
All right.
We'll have to stay more in touch.
We will from halfway across the country.
I'll see you in 10 years.
Perfect.
I'll see you in 10 years.
It'll be great.
We'll be even older.
 Help Wanted is a production of Money News Network.
Help Wanted is hosted by me, Jason Pfeiffer.
And me, Nicole Lapin.
Our executive producer is Morgan Lavoie.
If you want some help, email our helpline at helpwanted at moneynewsnetwork.com for the chance to have some of your questions answered on the show.
And follow us on Instagram at moneynews and TikTok at moneynewsnetwork for exclusive content and to see our beautiful faces.
Maybe a little dance?
Oh, I didn't sign up for that.
All right.
Well, talk to you soon.