 This episode is brought to you by SmartVestor.
Connect with an investing pro near you at RamseySolutions.com slash SmartVestor.
Rick's in Columbia, South Carolina.
Hi, Rick.
Welcome to the Ramsey Show.
Thank you, Dave.
What's up?
I'm 47, and I'd like to retire at 55, and I'm not sure where to go yet.
I thought I was pretty fiscally responsible, and then I started to listen to you in 2022 and realized I wasn't as smart as I thought I was.
 I'm going to ask for help.
Oh my goodness.
Okay, cool.
So how much debt have you got today?
The only debt I have is I've got a company truck where I got a three-year loan and it's $1,500 a month, but I get reimbursed $1,100 to $1,700 depending on how many miles I drive from my company.
You get that whether you have a car payment or not?
Correct.
So yeah, I need to get that truck paid off and then they still give me the same amount.
But the truck has to be
 It can't be more than three years old.
So you have to systematically keep money moving that direction so you can upgrade the truck periodically.
Yeah, correct.
But no more payments.
Yes.
The program is independent of debt.
It does not require debt.
You just used it to justify debt.
Correct.
Okay, so we're going to clear that.
Now, what's your nest egg looking like in your 401k?
 Well, I've only, I came out of a different position where I was in a pension program.
And then April of 22, I started in with this 401k program.
And I've got, this is the big question is, last year I started doing a Roth 401k.
Good.
And my talk tax advisor said that I should be doing a traditional 401k.
You should fire your tax advisor.
Because you said,
 Yeah.
I'm serious.
It was a heart attack.
They're trading a tax deduction for tax-free growth.
This guy can't do math.
That's what I thought, too.
So I kept doing the Roth 401k this year.
And changed tax advisors, because I don't know what else he's doing this dumb.
Yeah.
Anyway, so you don't have a lot there, so you're a long way from retiring in seven years.
 Yeah, so I got $19,000 in the Roth 401k, $67,000 in the traditional 401k, $18,000 in the HSA, and that's all since April 22.
Good.
Okay.
Well, you're tracking.
I mean, you're dumping a bunch of money in.
What do you make?
My base pays $111,000, and then my bonus was $56,000 this year.
Okay.
Are you married?
Yes.
Three kids, but my wife stays home with the kids, so it's just my income.
Okay.
Okay.
 Well, I mean, the beautiful thing about what you're doing is you're making all the right moves.
I think the thing that'll help you is to
 just do some calculations.
You can use some of the calculators on our website.
They'll help you or in the EveryDollar app, either one, and start saying, okay, what will I have when I'm 55?
What will I have when I'm 60 based on my current trend line with the lump sum I have now plus the payments I'm putting in now?
And that'll start to tell you, give you some comfort level as to where you're going to be.
I don't think you're going to be
 mathematically able to live like anywhere near like you're living now at 55 years old with no work.
So I think you're working a while.
That's not a bad thing, though.
You need to be doing something.
I'm 64.
I work.
So it's not the end of the world.
 Yeah, I would agree with that.
 in my mind, is different than just straight professional.
I'm not doing anything any longer.
I think that it's not good for the body, and it's definitely not good for the soul.
Not good for the mind.
It's a terrible thing to waste.
Yeah, doing something, I just...
 it having enough money to not have to work is different than just not working that's what you're saying 100 yeah yeah but either way either way you can start to run your numbers out and it'll give you some insights onto where you are so that you're doing you're doing pretty good rick sounds like it i'm gonna get out of the truck debt and i'm gonna jack up on some of these other things on the investment side and get this thing moving
 Thanks for tuning in to Ramsey Everyday Millionaires.
Need help with your investments?
Connect with a SmartVestor pro at RamseySolutions.com slash SmartVestor or click the link in the show notes.
Ramsey Solutions is a paid non-client promoter of participating pros.
Learn more at RamseySolutions.com slash SmartVestor.